{"post-102": {"user": "Landeril", "user_num": 21, "timestamp": "1419995345000", "message": "Terra District: The First District, better known as the Wanderers Home, as it was filled with Inns primarily. Running around the outer most edge of the city, and laying behind the Stone Wall of Earth, with four gates to enter the District at the four compass points, each of which was guarded by two barracks of Knights Terra. While this district has the least amount of Knights, it is actually the hardest to break, due to the fact that the Knights Terra can extend, harden and grow the Wall with a combined effort. On each lane, a taver, guild or inn can be found. Shops line the area, catering to the needs of the wandering nomad. Everything from food, to guides can be bought around this district, and this is home to the First of the Six Legion captains, Exile, the Herald of Magic. His home and office lay next to the southern gate of the Fort, keeping a watch over the King's right hand Knights. He is currently the only Knight of Earth within the Fortress, and wields it well.Also housed within this place is the Temple of the Ancients, a special holy site dedicated to the Old Ones, the Creators of the Divinus. However, the temple is guarded and barred by the Four Wardens, allowing only those with a Writ of Passage to enter within. The rest of the District, however, is free to be traveled and explored.Be wary of the twisting streets though, for even the pathfinders of the Knights of Flora can get lost in the city.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Terra District: The First District, better known as the Wanderers Home, as it was filled with Inns primarily. Running around the outer most edge of the city, and laying behind the Stone Wall of Earth, with four gates to enter the District at the four compass points, each of which was guarded by two barracks of Knights Terra. While this district has the least amount of Knights, it is actually the hardest to break, due to the fact that the Knights Terra can extend, harden and grow the Wall with a combined effort. "}}