{"post-34651": {"user": "The Kingdom of Belrow", "user_num": 1359, "timestamp": "1461475527000", "message": "Situated inside the vast network of tents and log houses in the Fields of Belonging the Tent Chancery\u00a0of Belrow looks just like any other tent. Over 20 metres in length and 10 meters wide most people need directions to find it, expecting it to look somewhat different then the rest.\u00a0Inside, it is a different story. The mages of Belrow had cheated a small bit with the dimensions, realizing that they couldn't expand outwards or upwards, the went down. Although the surface floor looks mostly normal, it is the black stone stairs going into the earth which attracts most peoples eyes. Down their, where light is low is where the dead work. Rooms of scrolls and clerics, stores of equipment and a large transference room make up the bulk of the basement.\u00a0", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Situated inside the vast network of tents and log houses in the Fields of Belonging the Tent Chancery\u00a0of Belrow looks just like any other tent. Over 20 metres in length and 10 meters wide most people need directions to find it, expecting it to look somewhat different then the rest.\u00a0"}, "post-34657": {"user": "Yerazin", "user_num": 1431, "timestamp": "1461477297000", "message": "It had taken over a week to prepare the ritual. Yerazin was stood outside a two meter cirlce. Crisscrossed with lines and smaller circles it was a maze of strange geometry and symbols all etched into the black stone itself. Glowing with a slight green light. In the middle of the circle lay a pile of human bones. Brought with them in the convoy they were be used as the vessel to contain the soul.\u00a0Alone in the transference room, the only light coming from the circle Yerazin began to chant in the ancient tongue. Starting low and soft like a deep murmur he slowly raised his voice. As he did so the light seeping from the etchings in the circle began to glow brighter and brighter. The skeletal mass, as if pulled from above slowly lifted itself out of its pile. Slowly and carefully creating the shape of a human body. Bone pieces clicking together and melding. As Yerazins voice began to reach its limit, the light becoming blinding, the now formed skeleton slowly raised even higher towards the ceiling. Its arms outstretched and its head held back. Yerazin's voice reached its crescendo , and as he did, items of clothing began to form out of the shadows around the body. A bright light burst from the body, travelling so far, it was seen upstairs and into the field of belonging. The skeleton began to be slowly lowered to the ground, a baleful green energy emitting from its chest and eye sockets now full with the bright green light.\u00a0Lord Ralakor had arrived in The Tiller State.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "It had taken over a week to prepare the ritual. Yerazin was stood outside a two meter cirlce. Crisscrossed with lines and smaller circles it was a maze of strange geometry and symbols all etched into the black stone itself. Glowing with a slight green light. In the middle of the circle lay a pile of human bones. Brought with them in the convoy they were be used as the vessel to contain the soul.\u00a0"}, "post-39557": {"user": "Yerazin", "user_num": 1431, "timestamp": "1464519715000", "message": "Yerazin was bored. Ever since the hastily leaving of his lord to fight the undead in Aaden Yerazin did not have much to do. It did not help that his guards could not speak and give him any real conversation. He had cleaned the Chancery over a hundred times, just to do something. No one came to the tent, most keeping as far away from him as his people as they could. Old habits die hard he guessed. He chuckled, no pun intended.Sitting slumped behind his black polished stone desk that had been brought, all the papyrus and scrolls laid out perfectly and completely filled out. Even the scrolls he had brought with him to read in his past time had been read over a hundred times. It was a curse really, not needing to sleep. So much time. Well, time to start to clean again. Yerazin saw some dirt come into the tent about an hour ago. It was during his forth cleaning today that Yerazin had an idea to past the time. Why not learn a new skill? A skill for the living? Quickly placing the broom and dustpan back into their slots he searched fervently through the closet in his sleeping quarters. Well, just quarters, he didn't need a bed. He had found it.\u00a0The pink apron.\u00a0It looks like, it was time to start cooking again.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Yerazin was bored. Ever since the hastily leaving of his lord to fight the undead in Aaden Yerazin did not have much to do. It did not help that his guards could not speak and give him any real conversation. He had cleaned the Chancery over a hundred times, just to do something. No one came to the tent, most keeping as far away from him as his people as they could. Old habits die hard he guessed. He chuckled, no pun intended."}, "post-39780": {"user": "Yerazin", "user_num": 1431, "timestamp": "1464676310000", "message": "It had been several days scince Yerazin decided to don the hat and begin baking once more. He was learning now how to make what the living called \"Souffle\" It was a difficult process and was time intensive, just what Yerazin wanted. Many neighboring tents and living members in the Fields of Belonging where surprised to discover that the tantislising smells of freshly baked goods was coming from the Chancery. Although only once or twice had someone had the bravery to step into the tent and actually ask if they were selling.\u00a0This was a interesting proposition of Yerazin. He had no need to eat, nor could he taste so these goods where essentially useless to him. It was about the journey not the destination. The raw ingredients that were needed where quite cheap, chiefly because the Land Tillers where primary a agrarian people. Material wealth had no interest to Yerazin either. The dead had no real concept of greed. So Yerazin decided, rather then letting the goods waste away he would give them freely to any that ask. In return for a ten minute conversation. Yerazin longed to talk to sentient people again and this was the perfect way to fill that hunger.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "It had been several days scince Yerazin decided to don the hat and begin baking once more. He was learning now how to make what the living called \"Souffle\" It was a difficult process and was time intensive, just what Yerazin wanted. Many neighboring tents and living members in the Fields of Belonging where surprised to discover that the tantislising smells of freshly baked goods was coming from the Chancery. Although only once or twice had someone had the bravery to step into the tent and actually ask if they were selling.\u00a0"}}