{"post-91807": {"user": "The Divine Empire of Vessia", "user_num": 1951, "timestamp": "1561738925000", "message": "The Vessian armed forces are an ancient institution millennia old in some parts, weapons ever in abundance as arms and armour from even the days of the ancient Vessicher tribes remain well maintained in their warehouses. But there is more than enough age appropriate equipment prepared. Abundance of plate armour has lead to the response of archery all but dying out in Vessia to be replaced with the mass production of crossbows. Pikes, halberds, billhooks, and other assorted spears or polearms given to infantry make up the mainstay of any Vessian Lord's force, the weapons easy to produce, train for and efficient against all enemy formations. Horses are also abundant in the Empire, be they given blessings for monstrous cavalry in Knightly Orders, plate armoured shock cavalry all Lords amass much of or mounted crossbowmen to pick off the aforementioned forces of an enemy. Perhaps noteworthy is the adoration of both field and siege artillery in Vessia. Caeroballistae and mangonels are on most fields of battle as an excellent way to go straight through the armour of enemy troops, while the commonality of earth shaking trebuchets has made great star forts dug deep into the soil a norm. Frightening is the full extent of technology's effects on Vessian warfare. Thousands of bear-traps are set in river crossings to make men drown in the shallowest of water while naval mines sink ships wholesale. Be it lobbed in clay pots or sprayed from pressured tubes Vessian fire is made by alchemists to melt men alive with no water or sand putting the flames out \u2014 all of this while tinkerers make repeater ballistae to scythe down ranks of Knights with no care for their honour and training. Swords are generally reserved for the most professional or elite troops of an army, zweihanders or arming swords with shields given for line breakers, or given as sidearms to Knights and similar forces. But because of all this, the very same armour is often foregone now because of the ease of penetrating it to instead make one's troops simply move faster across the field. This cyclical attempt to beat armour, and thne beat the things that beat armour has lead to most Vessian soldiers having very puffy uniforms, under which an enemy can't tell how heavy their armour is, if present at all. The Vessian armed forces are divided into two main groups. There are the state troops, the forces that belong to the crown and are paid for with the taxes to it. This official army of Vessia is a massive, bloated thing with an unending supply of bodies to send but somewhat overstretched. It exists to defend from external threats, or potential attempts at secession from the Empire. On the other hand, there are the private forces. These belong to the separate rulers of lands, the forces responsible for settling internal squabbles of the Empire. These have far more variance and cultural influences than those belonging to the crown, being product and tool of Imperial politics. There are also the smaller third parties. Mercenary companies are common in the Empire, Landsknechts being a common site particularly for rulers of rich but small sub-states of the Empire which cannot raise their own armies. Knightly Orders are also a considerable part of the Empire, these often carving up much territory, power and gold for themselves in their Quests and Crusades. They are a great supplementary force for the Empire, alleviating the burden of the Imperial Army when they go forth to kill dragons and other sudden threats on their own accord.", "link_list": [], "image_list": ["https://i.imgur.com/OmZDEuy.jpg", "https://i.pinimg.com/736x/76/ce/bf/76cebf99813c1c388b09a0ba8f5367fd.jpg", "https://i.imgur.com/4meABad.jpg", "https://i.imgur.com/eWQlOlx.jpg", "http://i.ytimg.com/vi/czTmAAySAOc/maxresdefault.jpg", "https://i.imgur.com/CCdrBzV.png"], "html": "<div align=\"justify\">The Vessian armed forces are an ancient institution millennia old in some parts, weapons ever in abundance as arms and armour from even the days of the ancient Vessicher tribes remain well maintained in their warehouses. But there is more than enough age appropriate equipment prepared. Abundance of plate armour has lead to the response of archery all but dying out in Vessia to be replaced with the mass production of crossbows. Pikes, halberds, billhooks, and other assorted spears or polearms given to infantry make up the mainstay of any Vessian Lord's force, the weapons easy to produce, train for and efficient against all enemy formations. Horses are also abundant in the Empire, be they given blessings for monstrous cavalry in Knightly Orders, plate armoured shock cavalry all Lords amass much of or mounted crossbowmen to pick off the aforementioned forces of an enemy. Perhaps noteworthy is the adoration of both field and siege artillery in Vessia. Caeroballistae and mangonels are on most fields of battle as an excellent way to go straight through the armour of enemy troops, while the commonality of earth shaking trebuchets has made great star forts dug deep into the soil a norm. Frightening is the full extent of technology's effects on Vessian warfare. Thousands of bear-traps are set in river crossings to make men drown in the shallowest of water while naval mines sink ships wholesale. Be it lobbed in clay pots or sprayed from pressured tubes Vessian fire is made by alchemists to melt men alive with no water or sand putting the flames out \u2014 all of this while tinkerers make repeater ballistae to scythe down ranks of Knights with no care for their honour and training. Swords are generally reserved for the most professional or elite troops of an army, zweihanders or arming swords with shields given for line breakers, or given as sidearms to Knights and similar forces. But because of all this, the very same armour is often foregone now because of the ease of penetrating it to instead make one's troops simply move faster across the field. This cyclical attempt to beat armour, and thne beat the things that beat armour has lead to most Vessian soldiers having very puffy uniforms, under which an enemy can't tell how heavy their armour is, if present at all. <br/></div>"}}