{"post-33404": {"user": "The Kingdom of Belrow", "user_num": 1359, "timestamp": "1460811306000", "message": "Malagus and Overlord Ralakor stood at the top of the Obelisk, watching as the sun rose from the distance, the ice of the dunes glisting as the morning rays were reflected off the frozen water. \u00a0The Land Tillers delegation had left for the markets the day prior, leaving the Overlord to ponder on the events that had passed.\u00a0\"Do you think ... they believed you?\" Asked Malgus, Chief Librarian of Kalkador still staring at the rising sun, breaking the silence.\u00a0\"They had no reason not to, it was the truth.\" Replied Ralakor psychically also staring outwards. \"I had my doubts, but they seemed open minded enough.\"\"What know then?\"\"We begin to rebuild our lands, one city at a time.\"The Librarian turned towards his lord. \"That is a ... monumental task ...my lord. We lost so many... cities during the war. We are but... a fraction of what we... once were.\"\u00a0The undead lord continued to to look towards the distance, nodding slowly and said \"That maybe true but the souls cry out to be free. The Arch is a terrible place to exist. I can not sit on my throne and listen to their pleas for much longer. Besides, we have the constructs now, it will not be as long as you think.\"Malgus was quiet for a minute, the sun was at half way now, the glistening sands slowing dulling as the ice began to melt. \"The constructs have never... been used to build things above... ground before, they have only been used to dig tunnels for the catacombs. I do not... know how effective they will be.... Do not forget this would be the first time the living ...will have ever of seem them. I can not judge... how they will respond ...to them.\"Ralakor finally turned to his adviser. \"Do not worry about the living. Those are are among us do not fear us, otherwise they would not stay here long and besides.\" He turned back towards the dunes. \"We need somewhere to build our boats once we get the materials. I need you to look into the library and find anything that could sprout water. Lots of water. I miss the great river that ran through our lands.\"Malgus was taken back by the request. \"I will try ...my lord, but do you think that ...is wise? Unless we are ...careful it could affect... the living.\"Ralakor turned on his heels, beginning to walk down the staircase to his throne. \"As I said Chief Librarian, do not worry about the living, they will survive. They always do.\"", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Malagus and Overlord Ralakor stood at the top of the Obelisk, watching as the sun rose from the distance, the ice of the dunes glisting as the morning rays were reflected off the frozen water. \u00a0The Land Tillers delegation had left for the markets the day prior, leaving the Overlord to ponder on the events that had passed.\u00a0"}, "post-33405": {"user": "The Kingdom of Belrow", "user_num": 1359, "timestamp": "1460813396000", "message": "Malagus had spent over a week continuously searching inside the great library of Kalkador. Delving into the deepest recesses of the library Malagus believed he had found a ritual that would allow for what his master wished. It did not summon water, such a feat would take months to accomplish and be overly complex. Instead, the Chief Librarian had traveled to were records indicated the river meet the open ocean. It was there he discovered that the sand that now covered the kingdom was so deep that the ocean no longer had the means of reaching inwards. Although it was obvious that erosion had taken place. There was no way that the ocean would be able to create a river like the one it had once had.  Not without help anyway.With the help of the constructs, Malgus believed he would be able to part a wide and deep enough canal through the sand that the ocean water would once more be able to flow through the lands. Although it would be salt water instead of fresh like the days of old the utility of the river would be the biggest advantage, even though it would never be able to sustain plants. First though, it was time to awaken the constructs, creatures of metal, they were not living entities. They lacked a soul, instead they relied on a extremely rare crystal that had long since been used up in the mines. This crystal would hold magical directives, allowing for   pulleys to move their large bodies. Created in the shape of Beatles and centipedes, the best shapes for tunnel work, these constructs where made to dig the vast catacombs beneath the surface. Now they would serve a different purpose.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Malagus had spent over a week continuously searching inside the great library of Kalkador. Delving into the deepest recesses of the library Malagus believed he had found a ritual that would allow for what his master wished. It did not summon water, such a feat would take months to accomplish and be overly complex. Instead, the Chief Librarian had traveled to were records indicated the river meet the open ocean. It was there he discovered that the sand that now covered the kingdom was so deep that the ocean no longer had the means of reaching inwards. Although it was obvious that erosion had taken place. There was no way that the ocean would be able to create a river like the one it had once had.  "}}