{"post-28962": {"user": "TheWilds", "user_num": 1212, "timestamp": "1458178968000", "message": "Trees stood almost  in uniform -- unnaturally so allowing golden hues to filter  through their trunks, illuminating woodlands below. Hues of red and  orange speckled the forest floor, running throughout the almost evenly  spaced trees that formed various paths, weaving between the spaces allowing for an  ease of travel that was uncommon for most woods. Twilight. Time seemed to stand still and the  forest breathed a lengthy sigh as the sun slowly dipped over the horizon, painting the partly clouded sky in a range from violet to red.  A subtle breath of wind fluttered through the branches of the trees above and they groaned an rattled softly and with the passing of time day soon became  night, the star peppered sky  visible  betwixt the foliage above and the moon leered  over the tops of the trees An eerie silence as all signs of woodland creatures seemed absent from  this  place.-- Though an evident and strange presence lurked about the surrounding trees. ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Trees stood almost  in uniform -- unnaturally so allowing golden hues to filter  through their trunks, illuminating woodlands below. Hues of red and  orange speckled the forest floor, running throughout the almost evenly  spaced trees that formed various paths, weaving between the spaces allowing for an  ease of travel that was uncommon for most woods. Twilight. Time seemed to stand still and the  forest breathed a lengthy sigh as the sun slowly dipped over the horizon, painting the partly clouded sky in a range from violet to red.  A subtle breath of wind fluttered through the branches of the trees above and they groaned an rattled softly and with the passing of time day soon became  night, the star peppered sky  visible  betwixt the foliage above and the moon leered  over the tops of the trees An eerie silence as all signs of woodland creatures seemed absent from  this  place.-- Though an evident and "}, "post-29410": {"user": "Xin", "user_num": 1169, "timestamp": "1458447821000", "message": "Deep within the woods. A solitary silver orbs stared into the surrounding darkness like the full-moon that loomed just over head casting its lunar glow upon the forest below. A black mass was perched upon a tree, barred feet curled slightly around one of the branches -- it remained motionless like a predator stalking its prey, before finally it fell from the tree with a soft Thump. Lengths of cloth feel behind the being like cascading water pooling about one's feet. Its form seemingly indiscernible beneath that sheet of cloth. Donning a simple black cloak that appeared to be several sizes too large as if belonging to an adult. Slowly, the creature scurries across the forest floor, leaves parting slightly beneath its feet. Fabric drags along the ground behind to child like a serpents tail chasing its head and the being made its way through the forest, weaving effortlessly between the tree like one who had lived in these woods all their lives. The child come to a halt however, chin tipping upward in a skyward glance, revealing the creature's face in the pale lunar glow or rather lack thereof, The child's face was set with a featureless expression and reflected the moons glow as if it were made of glass.. a porcelain mask. Which had only a single slit over the left eye, the mask itself divided down the center, black and white however black h specks dotted across they blank side as if to symbolize the interconnection between the two. Red painted-lips wore a neutral expression. ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Deep within the woods. A solitary silver orbs stared into the surrounding darkness like the full-moon that loomed just over head casting its lunar glow upon the forest below. A black mass was perched upon a tree, barred feet curled slightly around one of the branches -- it remained motionless like a predator stalking its prey, before finally it fell from the tree with a soft Thump. Lengths of cloth feel behind the being like cascading water pooling about one's feet. Its form seemingly indiscernible beneath that sheet of cloth. Donning a simple black cloak that appeared to be several sizes too large as if belonging to an adult. Slowly, the creature scurries across the forest floor, leaves parting slightly beneath its feet. Fabric drags along the ground behind to child like a serpents tail chasing its head and the being made its way through the forest, weaving effortlessly between the tree like one who had lived in these woods all their lives. "}, "post-29895": {"user": null, "user_num": null, "timestamp": "1458775417000", "message": "White Tempest was the first to awake, storm grey eyes flickering open to the sight of a half moon shining down from the night sky. He would notice that he had finally changed forms then as the cold night air touched his bare skin, as well as the feel of the soft black fur of Rain who laid next to him. Slowly and quietly he would rise, walking on bare feet in the dark forest for a couple steps before finding what he was looking for.\u00a0In place of where Rain's pack was, was now Tempest's own assortment of supplies, including his clothes that were fashioned of mostly animal hides. He would put on his clothes then, finishing with pulling over his head of white hair the fierce visage of a gray wolf hood. Now fully garbed he would fasten his quiver of arrows along with his bow onto his back as well as holstering a tomahawk on his hide belt.\u00a0Now ready to go, he would turn his attention towards Rain. He would wait for her to wake before addressing her, \"Night has fallen sister, and the forests are not empty as they were before. It is time for the hunt,\" he said quietly.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "White Tempest was the first to awake, storm grey eyes flickering open to the sight of a half moon shining down from the night sky. He would notice that he had finally changed forms then as the cold night air touched his bare skin, as well as the feel of the soft black fur of Rain who laid next to him. Slowly and quietly he would rise, walking on bare feet in the dark forest for a couple steps before finding what he was looking for.\u00a0"}, "post-29904": {"user": null, "user_num": null, "timestamp": "1458779469000", "message": "When Rain opened her bright blue eyes, she was immediately aware that she was no longer in her human form. The wolf yawned, stretching as its haunches rose, tail fluffed, and its forepaws stretched outward, digging into the dirt beneath her. Rain let out a little whine as she yawned and stretched, then stood up on all fours and shivered down her back, rocking her shoulders and making her ears twitch as she became more comfortable.While Tempest broke camp, Rain paced around, picking up the scents of a real wood, ears turning to the noise of critters within it. She lifted her head and looked at Tempest as the brawny Native reached for his weapons, and the look in her gaze seemed to read I told you so about keeping calm about the Misty Woods.It hadn't been too different from walking in the Spirit Realm, although for sure, it was not a place Rain wanted to visit again. When her brother said it was time to hunt, the obsidian wolf became excited, letting out a short growl and turning full circle. She was ready to go, and she immediately took off from where they had awoken.Rain ran through the forest, fresh dirt beneath her paws, scents assaulting her nose from all directions, but not the scent she was looking for, yet. She didn't check to see if Tempest was keeping up with her. He had better be keeping up with her.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "When Rain opened her bright blue eyes, she was immediately aware that she was no longer in her human form. The wolf yawned, stretching as its haunches rose, tail fluffed, and its forepaws stretched outward, digging into the dirt beneath her. Rain let out a little whine as she yawned and stretched, then stood up on all fours and shivered down her back, rocking her shoulders and making her ears twitch as she became more comfortable."}, "post-29916": {"user": null, "user_num": null, "timestamp": "1458785062000", "message": "Tempest smirked as Rain bounded off out of the broken down camp, and soon he would follow, feet falling silently on the forest floor as he trailed after her. Even though he was a better hunter, Rain's sense of smell was definitely better than his in her wolf form, despite his senses being enhanced compared to a regular human's. As he followed her, he had 100% faith in her sense of smell and her tracking. As much as he had faith in his own abilities.He kept pace with her, moving as efficiently through the woods as he would in his animal form.\u00a0", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Tempest smirked as Rain bounded off out of the broken down camp, and soon he would follow, feet falling silently on the forest floor as he trailed after her. Even though he was a better hunter, Rain's sense of smell was definitely better than his in her wolf form, despite his senses being enhanced compared to a regular human's. As he followed her, he had 100% faith in her sense of smell and her tracking. As much as he had faith in his own abilities."}, "post-29960": {"user": null, "user_num": null, "timestamp": "1458836360000", "message": "Her speed began to slow, and she came to a loping stop near a small cliff edge. The ravine was not very far down, and looked a little like a dry creek bed. She sniffed around, searching for scents, but curiously, all she could smell was the scent of foliage and flora. No fauna.Jumping up onto a nearby flat-topped boulder, she perked her ears up and tried to listen. She could hear the wind through the branches above her, the whisper of leaves, but she heard nothing else.Once more, as had been in the last Wood they had just been in, there was no fauna here.And yet, there was the sense of something bestial here.Letting out a little huff, she turned her head to look at Tempest. What did they do now?", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Her speed began to slow, and she came to a loping stop near a small cliff edge. The ravine was not very far down, and looked a little like a dry creek bed. She sniffed around, searching for scents, but curiously, all she could smell was the scent of foliage and flora. No fauna."}, "post-30050": {"user": "Xin", "user_num": 1169, "timestamp": "1458875751000", "message": "If the child had  scent it was most likely  that of the  forest,  if he made a sound  it was the  quiet  rustling of multicolored leave that stirred in the wind. Noiselessly, like a shadow the child moves across  the valley  below  weaving between  the column of trees  in an aimless drift. The child did not have a specific destination in mind but merely  wandered about the forest   as he had done  so  many times before- hands moved about the earth as he crawled along the ground  though it moved  at a surprising pace despite the hindrance.  Cloth had been worn and dirtied where knees pressed it  against the damp ground. Soon, \u00a0he arrived at a small creak rocks  lining along the either  side though it was mostly  dried a faint trickle of water  rushed  past   the stones  before disappearing beneath the foliage.Slowly the being  rose to  his full height just under forty inches tall.. He would have been  in  plain  view of those wolves above ,though the darkness of his cloak made him appear  as a mere  shadow upon   the forest floor. Barred feet shuffle  beneath  him and clothed  hands lower to roll the hem of the cloak upward revealing the pale flesh  beneath . In a subtle motion he skips across the creak, jumping  from   rock to rock before   landing effortlessly upon the other side. A soft titter touching lips. ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "If the child had  scent it was most likely  that of the  forest,  if he made a sound  it was the  quiet  rustling of multicolored leave that stirred in the wind. Noiselessly, like a shadow the child moves across  the valley  below  weaving between  the column of trees  in an aimless drift. The child did not have a specific destination in mind but merely  wandered about the forest   as he had done  so  many times before- hands moved about the earth as he crawled along the ground  though it moved  at a surprising pace despite the hindrance.  Cloth had been worn and dirtied where knees pressed it  against the damp ground. Soon, \u00a0he arrived at a small creak rocks  lining along the either  side though it was mostly  dried a faint trickle of water  rushed  past   the stones  before disappearing beneath the foliage."}, "post-30122": {"user": null, "user_num": null, "timestamp": "1458927456000", "message": "When Rain turned about and gave him that look he sighed slightly. Looks like they were in the same predicament as they were before. Perhaps this was the same forest, but the mists had now receded? No, that couldn't be it. The trunks of the trees were clearly discernible from one another, and there had been no changes in elevation as drastic as this ravine in the Misty Woods.\u00a0Thinking about what to do next, Tempest paced for a moment --a common habit of his-- before coming to the edge of the ravine and peering down. Immediately he caught sight of the short shadow figure below skipping across the creek on bare pale feet. Eyebrows raising slightly in surprise, he made a silent gesture towards rain to indicate he saw something and would direct her gaze towards the moving being thereafter. He did not make a move to follow the being yet, instead simply watching from atop the cliff edge.\u00a0", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "When Rain turned about and gave him that look he sighed slightly. Looks like they were in the same predicament as they were before. Perhaps this was the same forest, but the mists had now receded? No, that couldn't be it. The trunks of the trees were clearly discernible from one another, and there had been no changes in elevation as drastic as this ravine in the Misty Woods.\u00a0"}, "post-31883": {"user": null, "user_num": null, "timestamp": "1459979255000", "message": "While Tempest paced, Rain watched him, sitting placidly upon her rock, as steady as the beating drum. Her ears perked, however, when she heard the child and she turned her head to look, her blue eyes bright in the darkened face of the large wolf.Lifting up from where she had sat, she padded over to the edge of the rock and lowered her head, trying to catch the scent of the child that was skipping down below. It became immediately apparent to the practised shaman and werewolf that it was not an ordinary child down below, and no doubt, Tempest would be made aware of this.She looked back at Tempest, and then back to the child, her gaze narrowing. It was clear that the wolf was concentrating, and with some of her own spirit energy, was sending a quest forward to try and better sense whatever energies made up the child's form. The blue fur around the wolf was tinged only faintly blue, a mere, thin outline of the wolf's form.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "While Tempest paced, Rain watched him, sitting placidly upon her rock, as steady as the beating drum. Her ears perked, however, when she heard the child and she turned her head to look, her blue eyes bright in the darkened face of the large wolf."}, "post-31907": {"user": "Xin", "user_num": 1169, "timestamp": "1459986176000", "message": "Oblivious towards the  creatures observing from above the boy continues  his meandering path  through the  woods seemingly following the stream bed  which  winds through  the   trees  like a snake across the land. Black  fibers seem to trail lightly along the ground with wet slick swish has  it   drags   across the bed of multi-hued leaves.-- seemingly possessing a will of its own  only lending itself to the boys   shapeless form   though as  he  moved his small stature could be made out through  beneath the  thick material provided that one was close enough to make out the details; from a distance it appeared as no more than a black obscured mass wiggling  upon the ground and  in another moment  the form seemed to disappear  behind  the rows of trees only to  emerge somewhere  else somewhere further along the valley. Ducking, twisting, and winding through the woods as if following  an invisible trail.As for the child, there was a peculiar -absence- of energy  as if it were being masked.. as if the mask itself was somehow  feeding off of it. Hinted however, the cloak seems  to flare  out slightly in response appearing more shadow than cloth and flutters gently upon the wind.  Slowly  the  child turns, that single silver orb  appearing abnormally large like the moon itself looming in the darkness, gazing  up towards the ledge. Had he noticed them? Drawn by the release of spirit energy?  ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Oblivious towards the  creatures observing from above the boy continues  his meandering path  through the  woods seemingly following the stream bed  which  winds through  the   trees  like a snake across the land. Black  fibers seem to trail lightly along the ground with wet slick swish has  it   drags   across the bed of multi-hued leaves.-- seemingly possessing a will of its own  only lending itself to the boys   shapeless form   though as  he  moved his small stature could be made out through  beneath the  thick material provided that one was close enough to make out the details; from a distance it appeared as no more than a black obscured mass wiggling  upon the ground and  in another moment  the form seemed to disappear  behind  the rows of trees only to  emerge somewhere  else somewhere further along the valley. Ducking, twisting, and winding through the woods as if following  an invisible trail."}, "post-31908": {"user": "TheWilds", "user_num": 1212, "timestamp": "1459986534000", "message": "As senses expand, Rain would be able to pick up the various energies that made up the forest there was almost a life to it that became more and more apparent with the passing of night-- as if the woods itself were merely waking from a long slumber. -Click Click Click- joints rattle softly as tiny tree spirits emerge from ground, appearing like tiny mushroom caps their forms translucent radiate a faint greenish hue, matching the leaves of the trees just above lines from across the face of the trees in nondescript patterns imitating that faint glow and suddenly the forest sprang to life-- intangible-- yet still. There was a serene presences that settled over the woods, warm and inviting, it suggested that these lands may have been sacred in some capacity. Now abandoned. ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "As senses expand, Rain would be able to pick up the various energies that made up the forest there was almost a life to it that became more and more apparent with the passing of night-- as if the woods itself were merely waking from a long slumber. -Click Click Click- joints rattle softly as tiny tree spirits emerge from ground, appearing like tiny mushroom caps their forms translucent radiate a faint greenish hue, matching the leaves of the trees just above lines from across the face of the trees in nondescript patterns imitating that faint glow and suddenly the forest sprang to life-- intangible-- yet still. There was a serene presences that settled over the woods, warm and inviting, it suggested that these lands may have been sacred in some capacity. Now abandoned. "}, "post-32010": {"user": null, "user_num": null, "timestamp": "1460059346000", "message": "Tempest remained vigilant as Rain used her spirit magic to investigate. When the boy turned to look back up at them suddenly however, he was somewhat startled, his eyes widening before narrowing again. His attention was soon drawn away from the boy as the sound of the tree spirits emerging from the ground was heard.\u00a0Drawing his bow immediately, Tempest would nock an arrow crouching defensively as he aimed his bow towards the sound of the tree spirits, ready to shoot any of the beings if they threatened him, \"What is the meaning of this?\" he whispered defensively.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Tempest remained vigilant as Rain used her spirit magic to investigate. When the boy turned to look back up at them suddenly however, he was somewhat startled, his eyes widening before narrowing again. His attention was soon drawn away from the boy as the sound of the tree spirits emerging from the ground was heard.\u00a0"}, "post-32108": {"user": null, "user_num": null, "timestamp": "1460087852000", "message": "She listened with her heart, to truly understand, and felt the sacred power of the forest before even the first crack of the kodoma rising from the Earth. Rain let the deep magic of the forest roll upon her, like a wave upon the sand and nimbly leapt down from her perch on the stone.The faint blue outline was still upon her lupine form, swaying with the thick, obsidian black fur of her sleek body. Her heard down, she sniffed faintly at a gathering of the tree spirits before lifting her head, and her ears, to look down directly at the boy with his silver orb.What she sensed from the forest was not at all what she sensed from Xin. Her ears laid flat back against her head, and as Tempest became upset by the creatures, she circled around him, and then placed herself between Tempest and the child that was now further down the creek, staring at them, as some wiggling mass of SOMETHING continued to dart between the trees.It was time to be proactive, however, so she suddenly took off in a run. Her corporeal form began to fade into a glowing blue form of light, however, still in the general shape of a wolf, blue eyes blazing and narrowed as it struck over the creek, leaping easily from stone to stone, not out of a necessity as it had become something like a spirit, but out of habit of a wolf until it closed the distance from the boy and whirled around him.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "She listened with her heart, to truly understand, and felt the sacred power of the forest before even the first crack of the kodoma rising from the Earth. Rain let the deep magic of the forest roll upon her, like a wave upon the sand and nimbly leapt down from her perch on the stone."}, "post-32128": {"user": "TheWilds", "user_num": 1212, "timestamp": "1460091451000", "message": "The Kodama regarded the  pair with and odd sense  of curiosity  their bulbous heads tilting slightly before rattling back  in place they looks up  at  Tempest was he  drew his bow upon them though this only caused one  to tips its  head in reply. It too crouched slightly  and pulled its stubby arms in a sort of motion that mimicked the notching of an  arrow  as it did so however it fell forward  and merely rolled upon its own head. The creatures   were  of varying sizes and varying shapes  and vaguely  resembled some sort of humanoid creatures,   though none seemed to be over four inches in height.  They continued to walk  across the trees; roots stretching  across the surface of the ground  like a vast networks of roads and bridges, they continued on their paths  some  stopping to look at the pair, though  they too were swept away in the current, and those tiny  wisps  of  light faded  into the distance. ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "The Kodama regarded the  pair with and odd sense  of curiosity  their bulbous heads tilting slightly before rattling back  in place they looks up  at  Tempest was he  drew his bow upon them though this only caused one  to tips its  head in reply. It too crouched slightly  and pulled its stubby arms in a sort of motion that mimicked the notching of an  arrow  as it did so however it fell forward  and merely rolled upon its own head. The creatures   were  of varying sizes and varying shapes  and vaguely  resembled some sort of humanoid creatures,   though none seemed to be over four inches in height.  They continued to walk  across the trees; roots stretching  across the surface of the ground  like a vast networks of roads and bridges, they continued on their paths  some  stopping to look at the pair, though  they too were swept away in the current, and those tiny  wisps  of  light faded  into the distance. "}, "post-32129": {"user": "Xin", "user_num": 1169, "timestamp": "1460091541000", "message": "Xin  meanwhile remained  motionless   as those  beings appeared  even  around  him, chin  tipping  slightly  to imitate those   awkward tilts  causing  locks  of silver to  slant across his face.. or rather across the mask. It lightly reflected that luminous glow, though it was warped  upon the  porcelain  surface  and as his head tipped  backward that gaze fell  upon the approaching creature, Rain as she effortlessly descends  the cliff face and into the  valley below. His usual Jaunt came to a halt  as the  creature made its way towards him. That bright silver orb seeming to  narrow  slightly, noting  that faint  glow  which seemed to  outline   the wolves  form. He had seen  wolves  before,  yet this being   seemed   somehow  different. Though  rather than retreat, or scream out as most  -children-  in  such  a situation  might he merely extends a sleeved hand in the Rain's direction offering  an awkward sort of  wave, the excess lengths h hovering  just a breath above the ground. The garb itself seeming as if it were  made  to fit an adult's  body though somehow it  seemed to suit the child.. \"Hello there.\"A voice calls out to her and even  the tone was indiscernible almost as obscure as those lengths of cloth  that  draped over his lithe frame, however there was a faint hint of masculinity  behind that simple greeting. Innocently  as a child might call upon some woodland critter that it wished to play with. Even  at his full  height, the wolf's  form  seemed to tower over the small child. And indeed she was  quite imposing  by comparison. ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Xin  meanwhile remained  motionless   as those  beings appeared  even  around  him, chin  tipping  slightly  to imitate those   awkward tilts  causing  locks  of silver to  slant across his face.. or rather across the mask. It lightly reflected that luminous glow, though it was warped  upon the  porcelain  surface  and as his head tipped  backward that gaze fell  upon the approaching creature, Rain as she "}, "post-32771": {"user": null, "user_num": null, "timestamp": "1460402933000", "message": "Tempest would retain his defensive stance for a bit, but as he observed the tree spirits and their antics for a bit longer, he would grow somewhat confused, returning the arrow to his quiver and slinging his bow across his back once more. There were somewhat odd creatures, but they did not appear threatening. Rain did not think they were anything to worry about either.\u00a0Casting an only slightly wary glance at the forest spirits Tempest would turn towards the dried up stream below and the child that stood near it. Rain had already began to approach him, and Tempest would follow soon thereafter, after finding a section of the ravine walls that was not as steep he would carefully slide down the slope, before making his way over to where Rain and the other were.\u00a0Tempest would approach slowly, storm grey eyes regarding the boy carefully. The boy had white hair, the same color of Tempest's own hair, interesting.\u00a0\"What are you doing in these woods alone young one? Do you live nearby?\" he asked.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Tempest would retain his defensive stance for a bit, but as he observed the tree spirits and their antics for a bit longer, he would grow somewhat confused, returning the arrow to his quiver and slinging his bow across his back once more. There were somewhat odd creatures, but they did not appear threatening. Rain did not think they were anything to worry about either.\u00a0"}}