{"post-92930": {"user": "Sylhom Darviel", "user_num": 3539, "timestamp": "1565108026000", "message": "The ocean air is warm and fresh, with the scent of salt being carried along with the current. It\u2019s about mid-day, and far from the coast is a boat. Shoddily crafted, the boat bears marks and scars from years of use and shoddy repair. Patches are filled in with discolored and misshapen wood, and the boat moves slowly and methodically through the waves, its shape not allowing for much good movement. The boat is not the main concern, however. On the boat is a man in shackles. His hands and feet are bound together, leaving him unable to sit up fully or move.\u00a0 He\u2019s remarkably tall and remarkably gaunt, looking as if he hadn\u2019t eaten in days. His red-orange hair is tied back in a messy bun that has since come loose, leaving large chunks out of the hair tie. His light skin is red and burnt from the sun. A prisoner left to die in the ocean for his crime. ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "<font face=\"times new roman\">The ocean air is warm and fresh, with the scent of salt being carried along with the current. It\u2019s about mid-day, and far from the coast is a boat. Shoddily crafted, the boat bears marks and scars from years of use and shoddy repair. Patches are filled in with discolored and misshapen wood, and the boat moves slowly and methodically through the waves, its shape not allowing for much good movement. <br><br/>The boat is not the main concern, however. On the boat is a man in shackles. His hands and feet are bound together, leaving him unable to sit up fully or move.\u00a0 He\u2019s remarkably tall and remarkably gaunt, looking as if he hadn\u2019t eaten in days. His red-orange hair is tied back in a messy bun that has since come loose, leaving large chunks out of the hair tie. His light skin is red and burnt from the sun. A prisoner left to die in the ocean for his crime. </br></font>"}, "post-92957": {"user": "Flann", "user_num": 3542, "timestamp": "1565180392000", "message": "It wasn't uncommon for the girl to come across ships in her travels. The oceans were bustling with waterway traffic, the age of trade was booming, and everyone wanted a piece. Ships coasted along the waves day and night, little oaken blips on the surface of the great blue expanse, and from afar, they always looked so peaceful, like toys bobbing in a bathtub. However, no stranger to contact on the waters, the young nereid knew too well that rarely was a ship as serene on deck as it appeared on the horizon. Most of them were teeming with grouchy sailors, soldiers, or worse, pirates. She had few good encounters to call upon, though she had certainly had her moments. Generally though, if she approached a ship, it was chaos. Fishermen in particular had a strange preoccupation with her kill or capture, like she was some exotic fish to be mounted as a mantlepiece. Pirates were often quite crass as well, though she figured their intentions even more sinister than those of the trappers, if what they shouted over the deck was any indication. Spotting a lonely boat of crude craft listing back and forth aimlessly on the waves definitely drew the girl's attention. It was odd behaviour, stopping on the sea was rare, and usually indicated whoever was aboard had encountered serious trouble. Flann hesitantly approached. She was surprised to find it all but silent as she swam closer beneath the surface of the waves. Nobody on deck was shouting or calling out, nobody watching her approach, nothing of the like. A chill ran down her spine a moment...was this one of those ghost ships she had heard stories about? The girl did her best to push that stupid thought from her mind, cursing herself for such a childish concern. Apprehensive to throw herself on board without knowing more, Flann elected to call out instead, hoping someone would answer.\"H-Hello? Anyone in there? If this is some kinda..stupid joke...stop codding me, alright? I just ah...saw yer ship out here, looks right busted up, wanted to make sure ya weren't sinking and all that.\" she called through a cupped hand, looking up to the edge of the deck expectantly for someone to answer her, her breath still as those nagging thoughts of ghosts at sea crept back into her mind.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "It wasn't uncommon for the girl to come across ships in her travels. The oceans were bustling with waterway traffic, the age of trade was booming, and everyone wanted a piece. Ships coasted along the waves day and night, little oaken blips on the surface of the great blue expanse, and from afar, they always looked so peaceful, like toys bobbing in a bathtub. However, no stranger to contact on the waters, the young nereid knew too well that rarely was a ship as serene on deck as it appeared on the horizon. Most of them were teeming with grouchy sailors, soldiers, or worse, pirates. She had few good encounters to call upon, though she had certainly had her moments. Generally though, if she approached a ship, it was chaos. Fishermen in particular had a strange preoccupation with her kill or capture, like she was some exotic fish to be mounted as a mantlepiece. Pirates were often quite crass as well, though she figured their intentions even more sinister than those of the trappers, if what they shouted over the deck was any indication. "}, "post-93066": {"user": "Sylhom Darviel", "user_num": 3539, "timestamp": "1566245360000", "message": "Sylhom always knew he would die over something stupid. Tripping over a rock and busting his head while sneaking around, that was high up there. Stabbing himself with a blade that he himself poisoned. Stealing bread wasn\u2019t terribly high up, but here he was.His skin was red and peeling from sunburn, leaving his body open and sore as the salt water would occasionally splash onto the boat. His hair was matted and disheveled, and his body was more gaunt than usual. His cheeks hollow and his eyes lacked the usual fire. He would die out here, he knew that in his heart. Someone might find him years later, shackled to this dinghy.Shackled. That was the worst part of it, above the starvation and dehydration. He\u2019d die the way he had always feared: Chained and alone. His brand was clear on his back and the only thing covering his form was a pair of shorts that barely covered anything.Then, though, then he heard a voice coming from the water. He laughed out loud. \u201cOh dear,\u201d he said. \u201cAm I really hallucinating? On the off chance that I\u2019m not though, do you think you could pick a lock? Or perhaps get me something pointy to do it myself? I\u2019m in chains, you see. Surprised the damned boat hasn\u2019t sunk yet.\u201d", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Sylhom always knew he would die over something stupid. "}}