{"post-91646": {"user": "Black Mare Trading Company", "user_num": 3490, "timestamp": "1561352846000", "message": "Talos Arraine was a busy man. He was an older man, just past fifty years. He liked his daily regime and did not take kindly to it being changed. He woke up at daybreak every day. Had breakfast at the same time every day and went to sleep at the same time every night. Which is why, when he was told that his entire northern trade system had been destroyed in little under a week he flew into such a rage that it took several days for the blood and broken bodies to be removed and his luxury home to be cleaned. Once the red rage had finally dissipated and he had finished smashing his priceless furniture to tinder he changed his entire daily routine into finding and destroying who ever had dared disrupt his smoothly run business. For his business was that of trade, of items of incredible scarcity and questionable morals. He dealt with it all. Stolen jewels, forbidden texts, pouched animals and his most lucrative trade, slaves. For that valley was the lynchpin of his entire trade network, one of the few places that was not patrolled or enforced that still had access to reliable river travel. He sent spies and mercenaries north from his temperate abode to find as much information as possible. In his line of work, failure was not an option, and neither was tardiness. For his employees and for himself. His clientele did not accept such disruptions more so then Talos did. It took several days for information to begin to filter back. A long-abandoned fort somewhere in the nearby mountains had been garrisoned by some knight and a small militia. How could such a fort even exist? It took him two days to even find reference to its location. Even then it wasn\u2019t given a name, only referenced in some text as the \u201cExiled darkness.\u201d He had no idea what that meant, nor did he care. This knight and his little lackeys had ruined his quarterly gains. For that they will all pay dearly for it, them and everyone of that twice cursed valley. He had been merciful, allowed them to stay, to eke out their miserable lives. He had even allowed them to purchase their grain through him, with a nice mark up of course. Not anymore he decided, they had ruined his daily regime, for that they will all die.\u201cI want you to send out a call to the mercenary brigades.\u201d He said from his study, his hand steepled behind a beautiful mahogany desk to a nearby slave boy. \u201cA price of five gold will be given to each mercenary that comes in aid of the Black Mare trading company. With ten thousand gold given to the man who brings down the gates of Fort Silence.\u201d This was going to cost him a pretty penny, but sometimes a message has to be sent. No one disrupts Talos Arraine\u2019s schedule. ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Talos Arraine was a busy man. He was an older man, just past fifty years. He liked his daily regime and did not take kindly to it being changed. He woke up at daybreak every day. Had breakfast at the same time every day and went to sleep at the same time every night. Which is why, when he was told that his entire northern trade system had been destroyed in little under a week he flew into such a rage that it took several days for the blood and broken bodies to be removed and his luxury home to be cleaned. Once the red rage had finally dissipated and he had finished smashing his priceless furniture to tinder he changed his entire daily routine into finding and destroying who ever had dared disrupt his smoothly run business. For his business was that of trade, of items of incredible scarcity and questionable morals. He dealt with it all. Stolen jewels, forbidden texts, pouched animals and his most lucrative trade, slaves. For that valley was the lynchpin of his entire trade network, one of the few places that was not patrolled or enforced that still had access to reliable river travel. "}, "post-91924": {"user": "Black Mare Trading Company", "user_num": 3490, "timestamp": "1561991505000", "message": "It had been almost a week since the call had been made to bring down the northern upstarts. Over five hundred men had answered so far. The possibility of ten thousand gold bringing all manner of bandit kings, slaving despots and tyrant militias. From his study Talos inspected the accounting. There was still enough in the bank to recruit almost four times that amount, and that\u2019s without some choice investment selling. He sighed, this was going to cost him deeply, but the message was well worth the price. Getting up from his velvet lined chair, Talos walked to his map room that was attached to his study. His silk robes gliding gracefully as he did so, he always enjoyed the way they felt against his skin. He opened the ornate wooden door to the room, letting the smell of parchment and ink ooze out of the room and surround his body. He hummed as he walked towards the main map of the known world placed upon a large table, as far as he knew this was the most up to date version available. Petty kingdoms and factions rose and fell all the time, the borders never quite distinct or permanent. He picked up half a dozen small wooden figures from a side box and placed them on the map to denote new arrivals to his cause. The Iron Brigade was denoted as a small catapult. Masters of siege craft they costed him a small fortune, but with their engines of war he wouldn\u2019t need to hire them for too long. The slave hordes of Kalak Dume were given the symbol of a hunched man. Their hordes cost him barely anything as he himself had given them most of their stock. Finally the Knights Deleyar were given a braying horse. He could only afford a small band of their order, but they\u2019re renown was worth it just to give credence to his cause. He nodded to himself as more and more pieces were being added to the board. On the other side of the table, amongst mountains and within a small wooded valley stood a simple castle figure. Dark and alone. How they thought they could stand against a man such as himself, Talos couldn\u2019t understand, but then he didn\u2019t need to, they\u2019d be crushed all the same.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "It had been almost a week since the call had been made to bring down the northern upstarts. Over five hundred men had answered so far. The possibility of ten thousand gold bringing all manner of bandit kings, slaving despots and tyrant militias. From his study Talos inspected the accounting. There was still enough in the bank to recruit almost four times that amount, and that\u2019s without some choice investment selling. He sighed, this was going to cost him deeply, but the message was well worth the price. "}}