{"post-89127": {"user": "Robert Fletcher", "user_num": 509, "timestamp": "1549693928000", "message": "Sitting atop a high-end imported fabrics shop is Minister Robert Fletcher's penthouse apartment. The suite is luxurious, but in a more subdued manner than some of the fancier homes in Isra. A small contingent of staff is around at all times to keep the place tidy, and are well paid for both their skills and discretion. Robert Fletcher stays here when working in Isra, and frequently entertains various houseguests here.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Sitting atop a high-end imported fabrics shop is Minister Robert Fletcher's penthouse apartment. The suite is luxurious, but in a more subdued manner than some of the fancier homes in Isra. A small contingent of staff is around at all times to keep the place tidy, and are well paid for both their skills and discretion. Robert Fletcher stays here when working in Isra, and frequently entertains various houseguests here."}, "post-89129": {"user": "Robert Fletcher", "user_num": 509, "timestamp": "1549694858000", "message": "Robert led\u00a0Fiona Blythe up the stairs to his apartment, unlocking the door and gesturing for her to step inside. As the pair entered, several maidservants appeared, curtsying as Robert shut the door behind him. He waved lazily at them, grinning at Fiona.\"Welcome to my place,\" he said. \"I stay here when I'm in the city, it got tiresome having to live in the rooms provided at the citadel. My house is in Port Silverion, but since I'm a minister I have to come here a lot.\"Turning to the staff, he added \"Good job, ladies. Looks as nice as ever. You're all free to go, have a good night.\"The maids bid him farewell and bustled out through the door, locking it carefully behind them. Fiona would hear muffled giggling and gossiping coming from the stairwell, but it would soon fade as they walked out of earshot. Robert smiled at his guest, gesturing for her to have a seat on what looked to be an excessively soft couch.\"Well then,\" he said. \"Is there anything I can get you? A drink, perhaps?\"", "link_list": ["/user/3339"], "image_list": [], "html": "Robert led\u00a0"}, "post-89144": {"user": "Fiona Blythe", "user_num": 3339, "timestamp": "1549781927000", "message": "Fiona had no troubles with the stairs, even in the heels she chose to wear tonight, a testament to her dexterity, to be sure. She kept pace the whole way back, arm locked with Roberts, and with plenty of pleasant conversation, and definitely not without its euphemisms here and there. She admires the fact the man had his own staff to keep the apartment spotless, and even considers getting her own staff for a moment, but thinks against it. Not for the home she chose to live in, most certainly, that had to be kept hush hush. The apartment she had taken over from Mouse though, where she chose to conduct business on her own turf? A cleaner or two would be most welcome, even after she had redecorated the place from top to bottom.Perhaps Robert would see it one day, especially the ceiling. Fiona slips into the apartment and absorbs the room in all its splendor, but what could be seen as awe was in fact the thief in her making mental notes, should she decide to make Robert a victim, as well as client. She shelves that thought for now, taking into consideration that he seemed better morally than most of the rich she ripped off. In fact, he's been downright nice. She would have to think on that at a later time. Besides, she could make more out of him over time, than in one or two ransacks. For tonight though, she's no thief. Instead, she is one of the highest regarded whores in the city, and Robert's for the night. Though, he didn't seem adverse to her day package prices, so perhaps she would be sticking around more than the night. She slips onto the couch, her dress flowing with grace as she does, and gets comfortable, pale leg sticking out of her dress, and crossed over her other. \u201cWell now, Robert,\u201d she says with a smirk. \u201cYou don't need to get me drunk to sleep with you. Coin will do the trick.\u201d She chuckles elegantly at that, slipping an arm across the back of the couch. \u201cBut a glass of water would do fine.\u201d ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Fiona had no troubles with the stairs, even in the heels she chose to wear tonight, a testament to her dexterity, to be sure. She kept pace the whole way back, arm locked with Roberts, and with plenty of pleasant conversation, and definitely not without its euphemisms here and there. "}, "post-89210": {"user": "Robert Fletcher", "user_num": 509, "timestamp": "1550211655000", "message": "To Fiona's practiced eye, the apartment was rife with expensive bits and bobs free for the picking. From the paintings on the walls to the vases on the mantel to the silverware sitting in the glass cabinet, every single item here looked valuable. Especially noteworthy were a pair of portraits, very obviously professionally painted at great expense. One was of a young woman with golden hair, wearing a rather uplifting corset that prominently displayed her glowing personality. The other featured Robert himself, standing with two other white-haired people. One was a woman about Robert's age, with a rather sour expression on her face, as though she wasn't particularly pleased with having to stand for a portrait. The other was a skinny young man, more of a boy, really. His grin was rather disturbing, containing a mouthful of sharp, pointed teeth. When she teased him about the drink, Robert let out an overdramatic gasp, placing a hand on his chest as he turned to Fiona with an exaggerated expression of shock.\"Get you drunk to sleep with me?\" he asked. \"Is that what you think of me? Why Fiona, I'm simply appalled\u00a0that that's what you think of my intentions. My goodness. What have I done to deserve such treatment?\"Chuckling, he stepped away for a moment and returned with a glass of water, which he handed to Fiona. Sitting down beside her, he let his gaze wander down her figure and to her exposed leg before flicking back up to meet her eye.\"Still,\" he said. \"If it's to be coin...well, coin I have. How much would you require, for a night's demonstration of your...expertise? Something tells me that you'll be worth the price.\"Was it smooth, asking how much she charged? Was it seductive? No, but Robert had been around the block enough times to know that one never\u00a0hired any sort of contractor without discussing payment beforehand. Ordering the most expensive drink in the bar without glancing at the cost was one thing, but someone of Fiona's particular profession was something else entirely.\u00a0", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "To Fiona's practiced eye, the apartment was rife with expensive bits and bobs free for the picking. From the paintings on the walls to the vases on the mantel to the silverware sitting in the glass cabinet, every single item here looked valuable. Especially noteworthy were a pair of portraits, very obviously professionally painted at great expense. One was of a young woman with golden hair, wearing a rather uplifting corset that prominently displayed her glowing personality. The other featured Robert himself, standing with two other white-haired people. One was a woman about Robert's age, with a rather sour expression on her face, as though she wasn't particularly pleased with having to stand for a portrait. The other was a skinny young man, more of a boy, really. His grin was rather disturbing, containing a mouthful of sharp, pointed teeth. When she teased him about the drink, Robert let out an overdramatic gasp, placing a hand on his chest as he turned to Fiona with an exaggerated expression of shock."}, "post-89214": {"user": "Fiona Blythe", "user_num": 3339, "timestamp": "1550274881000", "message": "The woman remains seated on the couch, finding the seat exceptionally comfortable. Yes, she thinks to herself, she certainly could do her job here, if asked. The seats were just comfortable and just supportive enough for some of her better work. She shifts only a little to get a better view of some of the valuables, and makes a mental list in case she wanted to ransack the place in the future, but it would likely be a while. A salary over one large payment is her goal for tonight. The beautiful whore rolls her eyes at his overdramatic stance on the drink, but the smile betrayed her bothered guise. \u201cYou did just buy me two expensive drinks to get my attention, Robert,\u201d she says, matter of factly. While he fetches her drink, she can't help but ask. \u201cThese portraits, I this one is of your\u2026 siblings, perhaps?\u201d She asks, looking at the trio. The woman, even with the sour expression, seems quite attractive, but the young man is\u2026 off. She didn't like the look of those teeth. \u201cAnd who is this other one? She's very attractive,\u201d she says, knowing full well who it is. She had crossed paths with Dixie two or three times in the past, and always got away scott free. She admires the woman's dedication to law, and how she had almost caught her once, but she knew the city better than Dixie, or at least the ratways and the rooftops. Still, if she had the chance, she wouldn't kick her out of bed. There's something so\u2026 powerful about sleeping with your arch enemy, even if there is no hate for the law woman. That would stroke Fi's ego better than she'd stroke her customers. Must be the push up corset. Fi takes the glass and has a sip of the clear, fresh water, and finds it better than the water she gets in her own apartment. She considered herself rich, but the super wealthy still have it better. Damn. \u201cThank you.\u201d As he looks over her body, Fi is sure to push her chest out a little and nudge his thigh with her exposed knee. The dress really did hug her body well, showing off her goods and assets in the perfect way, leaving enough to the imagination to keep them hooked, while exposing just enough to open wallets. She shifts a little with a smirk at his question and bites her lower lip just a tad, her eyes half lidded. She scoots across and starts to whisper in his ear, her hand running up and down his thigh gently, even now she can feel his excitement. Her prices are\u2026 expensive, and her list goes down from fifteen minutes, thirty minutes, and an hour before jumping to six, twelve, then the day package, a full twenty four hours of raunchy fun, where she would do anything to him, and he anything to her, that wanted for a full day. The day package seemed to be the best value, it seemed. Before he can answer though, she rests a finger on his jaw and guides him into a kiss. She takes her time, her ruby red lips pressed against him in a warm, loving smooch that lasts several seconds, and even involves just a smidge of her talented tongue. Finally, she pulls back and leans against the couch again, her free hand running a finger around the back of his shoulder. Of course, she took no offence to his questioning of her prices this early, it was better to be clear in all things business. Although this is all leading to a night of fun and passionate love making, it's still business and it's still Fiona's job. And she loves her job. ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "The woman remains seated on the couch, finding the seat exceptionally comfortable. Yes, she thinks to herself, she certainly could do her job here, if asked. The seats were just comfortable and just supportive enough for some of her better work. She shifts only a little to get a better view of some of the valuables, and makes a mental list in case she wanted to ransack the place in the future, but it would likely be a while. A salary over one large payment is her goal for tonight. "}, "post-89269": {"user": "Robert Fletcher", "user_num": 509, "timestamp": "1550649211000", "message": "Robert glanced up at the portraits, chuckling. Roxanne hadn't wanted to be there at all, but he'd managed to cajole her into being in the portrait with Roy's help. She hadn't been very pleased, but Robert had wanted a portrait of them all together, so he'd insisted. He'd made up for it by treating them both to a very nice dinner, despite Roxanne's complaints. At least Roy had been happy. He'd just been pleased to finally be able to see what he looked like again. It hadn't been cheap, but he liked having it there. The portrait of Dixie had been almost as expensive, but at least Dixie had been more than happy to pose for the painting. It was nice, having her right there. Inspiring, really. Her choice of attire really had been superb that day.\"Siblings? No, they're just my cousins. That's Roxy with the frown, and the other one is Roy. I have a lot more cousins than that, but those are just the ones that live here in the city. As for the other portrait...yes, yes she is. That's my, uh, friend. Dixie. She lived here with me for a little while, but now she's gotten a job in the guard of all places, and has her own place. Still...maybe you'll meet her someday. I think you two would get along famously.\"He chuckled at the thought, imagining the pair of them in a room together. Now that would be quite a sight to see...perhaps if he played his cards right, he'd be just the man to see it. However, Fiona soon demanded all of his attention for herself as she began to list off her prices, driving all thoughts of Dixie out of his mind. She was here now, and it was definitely time to focus on her. Fifteen minutes, half an hour...those seemed like such a waste. When she kissed him, more like an actual sweetheart than a professional, it took everything in his power not to grab her and immediately demand a full 24 hours. He wanted to, oh he wanted to badly...but no, he had work tomorrow. He had to be responsible\u00a0and go do his job. Would he see the empress? If he did, she would almost certainly give him the most smug, knowing smirk that he'd ever seen. If there was one expression that Naoki did better than anyone else, it was definitely smugness.\"You make it hard to choose,\" said Robert, laying his hand on her thigh. \"I'm feeling optimistic tonight. I'm afraid that I really ought to go to work tomorrow, the Empress will start breathing down my neck if I don't show up...and not in a fun way. But I suppose six hours should be more than enough time, don't you think?\"", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Robert glanced up at the portraits, chuckling. Roxanne hadn't wanted to be there at all, but he'd managed to cajole her into being in the portrait with Roy's help. She hadn't been very pleased, but Robert had wanted a portrait of them all together, so he'd insisted. He'd made up for it by treating them both to a very nice dinner, despite Roxanne's complaints. At least Roy had been happy. He'd just been pleased to finally be able to see what he looked like again. It hadn't been cheap, but he liked having it there. The portrait of Dixie had been almost as expensive, but at least Dixie had been more than happy to pose for the painting. It was nice, having her right there. Inspiring, really. Her choice of attire really had been superb that day."}, "post-89277": {"user": "Fiona Blythe", "user_num": 3339, "timestamp": "1550759396000", "message": "As Robert describes the people in the painting, Fiona finds herself, well\u2026 not really caring. At least not in the sense of a lover. Her thieving side listens to any new information she can get, anything that can lead to valuables, or blackmail information, even if it doesn't involve Robert. Any little tid bit would be devoured, even if she had no real concern for the description on an emotional level. Perhaps in time that might change. Tonight she isn't a thief though, so she decides to give that part of her brain a break. Robert had been kind, not as stuck up, pompous, and arrogant as the usual rich toffs she had frequent her nethers and fill her purse. Dixie though\u2026 There's a name Fiona would find useful. Perhaps she had been mistaken before, she hadn't seen her as much as she thought, but the woman had certainly been on her heels previously. If memory serves correctly, it was when she had managed to empty six of the twelve security deposit boxes of the port branch of one of Isra's middle level banks. Thanks to her inside man, she had made off with the most valuable of the items stored, which some might deem bad luck for the rightful owners. As her own luck would have it, Dixie had arrived before she could finish, but with an intimate knowledge of the streets, some careful planning, and a whole lot of fleet footedness, Fiona had gotten away, but not after seeing that determination in Dixie's eyes. \u201cOh yes, I'm sure we would,\u201d Fiona says as she slips her bare leg over Robert's lap and scoots a little closer. \u201cI do quite like blondes. I would indeed like to meet her one day, I do have couples prices after all.\u201d She takes an eye off of the painting and winks at Robert. As she settles back after the kiss, she chuckles and puts on a fake pout. \u201cBoo. Working at regular hours is so much less fun, Robert. I can say so from experience.\u201d She leans in and kisses his neck while his hand rests on her soft, pale thigh. \u201cAnd making it hard to choose is one of the most fun part of the job.\u201d That is certainly true, trying to convince a client to go with the most expensive offer usually lead to a night of fun and a full purse. \u201cBut I suppose the empress waits for no man, or his little lady of the night,\u201d she coos as she shifts a hand down his arm. \u201cYou'll just have to send for me for a good weekend, if I prove my worth tonight.\u201d And hopefully, if she plays her cards right, a recommendation to the highest authority. She smiles warmly as he orders a six hour session with her. Plenty of time for fun, cuddling and fishing for information. \u201cWell, I'm certainly happy to hear that,\u201d she whispers as she slips a finger under his chin and brings him into a kiss, but she suddenly stops before their lips can meet, and presses the finger against his. She holds out her palm flat and grins. \u201cBut before we start, I like my money in advance. I will guarantee the full six hours, I do have a reputation to uphold afterall.\u201d ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "<br>As Robert describes the people in the painting, Fiona finds herself, well\u2026 not really caring. At least not in the sense of a lover. Her thieving side listens to any new information she can get, anything that can lead to valuables, or blackmail information, even if it doesn't involve Robert. Any little tid bit would be devoured, even if she had no real concern for the description on an emotional level. <br/><br/>Perhaps in time that might change. Tonight she isn't a thief though, so she decides to give that part of her brain a break. Robert had been kind, not as stuck up, pompous, and arrogant as the usual rich toffs she had frequent her nethers and fill her purse. <br/><br/>Dixie though\u2026 There's a name Fiona would find useful. Perhaps she had been mistaken before, she hadn't seen her as much as she thought, but the woman had certainly been on her heels previously. If memory serves correctly, it was when she had managed to empty six of the twelve security deposit boxes of the port branch of one of Isra's middle level banks. Thanks to her inside man, she had made off with the most valuable of the items stored, which some might deem bad luck for the rightful owners. As her own luck would have it, Dixie had arrived before she could finish, but with an intimate knowledge of the streets, some careful planning, and a whole lot of fleet footedness, Fiona had gotten away, but not after seeing that determination in Dixie's eyes. <br/><br/>\u201cOh yes, I'm sure we would,\u201d Fiona says as she slips her bare leg over Robert's lap and scoots a little closer. \u201cI do quite like blondes. I would indeed like to meet her one day, I do have couples prices after all.\u201d She takes an eye off of the painting and winks at Robert. <br/><br/>As she settles back after the kiss, she chuckles and puts on a fake pout. \u201cBoo. Working at regular hours is so much less fun, Robert. I can say so from experience.\u201d She leans in and kisses his neck while his hand rests on her soft, pale thigh. \u201cAnd making it hard to choose is one of the most fun part of the job.\u201d That is certainly true, trying to convince a client to go with the most expensive offer usually lead to a night of fun and a full purse. <br/><br/>\u201cBut I suppose the empress waits for no man, or his little lady of the night,\u201d she coos as she shifts a hand down his arm. \u201cYou'll just have to send for me for a good weekend, if I prove my worth tonight.\u201d And hopefully, if she plays her cards right, a recommendation to the highest authority. <br/><br/>She smiles warmly as he orders a six hour session with her. Plenty of time for fun, cuddling and fishing for information. \u201cWell, I'm certainly happy to hear that,\u201d she whispers as she slips a finger under his chin and brings him into a kiss, but she suddenly stops before their lips can meet, and presses the finger against his. She holds out her palm flat and grins. \u201cBut before we start, I like my money in advance. I will guarantee the full six hours, I do have a reputation to uphold afterall.\u201d <br/></br>"}, "post-89372": {"user": "Robert Fletcher", "user_num": 509, "timestamp": "1551587785000", "message": "Fiona's insinuations about Dixie caused Robert to chuckle, but he seriously considered the offer for a moment. He was sure it would be fun, and Dixie would probably enjoy herself...in any case, if Fiona was as good as he was sure she was, he could see himself spending a lot of money with her. It was time to let her prove herself, though. See if she was worth her prices.\"That's my life,\" he said. \"Beholden to the Empress' whims and schedule. Still, I suppose I shouldn't complain. After all, it's the salary from that job that's letting me see you tonight. Funny how that works out, huh? Not everyone is as lucky as to have your...flexible schedule.\"As she pulled him forward for a kiss, he reached up to grab at her chest, but stopped when she paused and demanded payment up-front. It was mildly disappointing, to be sure, but it made good business sense. Sighing, he withdrew his hand and got to his feet.\"Ever the professional, huh? Well, that's the smart thing to do, I guess. You wait right here, I'll be back in a moment with the cash.\"He walked down a short hallway towards what was probably a bedroom, leaving Fiona alone for a moment. While he was gone, the sharp-eyed thief would notice several boxes of candy, wrapped in paper and sitting on a side table. Judging by the gold leaf on the packages, they seemed to be very high-end sweets indeed. Some had tags, as though they were to be given as gifts, while others looked to be untouched. One was open, displaying several large, exquisitely decorated pieces of chocolate. Robert returned shortly, bearing a rather heavy-looking coinpurse.\"Here it is, Fiona. In full, up front. Feel free to check if you want, I don't mind at all.\"Sitting down beside her, he wrapped his left arm around her shoulders as he handed her the bag. If she looked inside, she would find the full agreed-upon sum in gold coins, with a small paper-wrapped chocolate bar sitting on top. Grinning, Robert pulled Fiona a little closer, leaning in to kiss her.\"Now,\" he said. \"Where were we?\"", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Fiona's insinuations about Dixie caused Robert to chuckle, but he seriously considered the offer for a moment. He was sure it would be fun, and Dixie would probably enjoy herself...in any case, if Fiona was as good as he was sure she was, he could see himself spending a lot of money with her. It was time to let her prove herself, though. See if she was worth her prices."}, "post-89395": {"user": "Fiona Blythe", "user_num": 3339, "timestamp": "1551738500000", "message": "\u201cYou would be surprised how many people try to take advantage,\u201d Fiona says with a smirk as she sits back again, one leg crossed over the other. \u201cAsking upfront means I get paid. There are a lot of powerful people out there that think their status means they don't have to pay after. Only one person would ever be allowed to do that.\u201d In fact, that was one of the many reasons she became a thief. One too many customers trying to hoodwink her, that soon found valuables missing from their home. Of course, it wasn't the only reason, but it was one of them. She has a gander around the room, her thief's mind drifting to the all the valuables once again, but she stops herself and instead just enjoys the surroundings. She does notice the chocolates, but doesn't partake just yet, she could easily include them in the evening's festivities. They looked just big enough to cover her nipples, she thinks. Perfect. Her mind snaps back to reality as Robert returns with her prize. Aaah, the jingle jangle of golden coins, music to Fiona's ears. She takes the bag and takes a short look inside after removing the chocolate\u2026 yes, all there, if her calculations were correct. The whore looks back to Robert with a grin and leans into the kiss once again. Her tongue seems all the more skilled now that he's paid for her services instead of getting samples. Once the kiss breaks, she slowly pulls the bottom of her dress up along her left leg, the one completely covered, to reveal a bag strapped to her thigh. She opens it, deposits the coins, then takes it off and sets it down beside the couch. \u201cNow\u2026\u201d she says as she shifts and slides onto Robert's lap to straddle him, a leg on either side. She takes one of his hands and places it on her firm, precious bottom, then placed her own hand on his shoulder. She pauses for a moment to unwrap the chocolate, then takes a sensual bite out of it, making sure to lick her lips after with a short pleasurable moan. \u201cI am yours.\u201d She presses the other half of the chocolate to his lips and smiles seductively. \u201cFor the next six hours, you own me. What will you have me do?\u201d ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "\u201cYou would be surprised how many people try to take advantage,\u201d Fiona says with a smirk as she sits back again, one leg crossed over the other. \u201cAsking upfront means I get paid. There are a lot of powerful people out there that think their status means they don't have to pay after. Only one person would ever be allowed to do that.\u201d "}, "post-89424": {"user": "Robert Fletcher", "user_num": 509, "timestamp": "1551955041000", "message": "Robert watched the coins vanish into the pouch, and the glimpse of her thigh as she pulled her skirt out of the way caught his eye. Still, he would definitely be getting more than a glimpse tonight. He'd paid the fee, and now he was going to reap his reward. This was why he loved his job so much...or at least, his salary and morally lenient employer. Grinning, he leaned back, giving Fiona a firm squeeze as she took a bite of the chocolate. Everyone liked chocolate, after all.\u00a0\"What shall I have you do?\" he mused. \"Well...it seems that we've got plenty of time. Perhaps not all night, but plenty of time nonetheless.\"Hooking a finger into the neckline of her dress, he pulled her in closer for another, longer kiss before continuing.\"You know, my uncle sells chocolate for a living. You know what's one of his best sellers? The sampler box. It's got a whole bunch of different varieties, all different kinds, so that you can see what you like. That way, the next time you go to his shop, you can just buy a whole box of your favorites. That's what I want, Fiona. A little of everything.\"He punctuated the last word with a sharp downward jerk of the front of her dress and chuckled. It was going to be a fun night.Six hours later, Robert was absolutely certain that he'd gotten his money's worth. He was exhausted, utterly spent, and had sorely underestimated how late it had been. He didn't want to think about the few measly hours he had to sleep and recover before work, but still...it had been worth it. He didn't regret one moment. Groaning, he brushed some of the empty chocolate wrappers off the bedsheets, turning to Fiona.\"I must say,\" he said, \"You were right. You're the best, you weren't lying.\"If Dixie had been here to hear him say that, he thought, she would have been upset. If she had been here for the whole time, though...maybe she would have agreed. He glanced over at the small portrait of her that sat on his nightstand and wondered if he'd ever get the two of them in the same room together. He'd thought he'd peaked that one time with the Empress, but who knew? Perhaps there always was a higher standard to reach.\"If I want to call on you again,\" he murmured, \"where can I find you? Should I leave a message with Charlie at the Moonlight Eclipse?\"", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Robert watched the coins vanish into the pouch, and the glimpse of her thigh as she pulled her skirt out of the way caught his eye. Still, he would definitely be getting more than a glimpse tonight. He'd paid the fee, and now he was going to reap his reward. This was why he loved his job so much...or at least, his salary and morally lenient employer. Grinning, he leaned back, giving Fiona a firm squeeze as she took a bite of the chocolate. Everyone liked chocolate, after all.\u00a0"}, "post-89425": {"user": "Fiona Blythe", "user_num": 3339, "timestamp": "1551964140000", "message": "Fiona lay on her side next to the man, the curves of her body illuminated by the moonlight shining through the nearby open window, and her exposed front lit by the flickering of candle light all around the bed. Sweat clung to her body, glistening over her beautiful rump, her subtle skin, and her large breasts, capped by a pair of still erect, perfect nipples. None of her body is hidden to Robert, her whole body on display from her exposed breasts, her subtle abs, her well groomed, dark pubic hair, and her long, toned but supple legs. She stared at him with half lidded eyes and a tired grin across her face, aching through her whole body, but satisfied nonetheless. Though his time is up, she presses her body against his and places his hand on her rump once more, before she starts drawing little circles across his chest. \u201cOh, I know,\u201d she says with a cheeky smirk. \u201cYou're not so bad yourself, you know. I almost forgot that this is my job, I was having too much fun.\u201d The whore looks him over, admiring every inch of the man, and how she had used every inch of him for her own enjoyment, and she got paid to do it. Of course, that had been mutual, she could tell by the look in his eyes that she had made him see the light of passion and lust. A wonderful combo, if she does say so herself. \u201cYou could,\u201d she says before planting a kiss on his chest. \u201cI usually hang around there. Though you can likely find me directly. There is a small bakery on Dulcet street, I have recently set up a more permanent place of business just above it, apartment 3. I was quite lucky to come across it, really. Think of it as\u2026 my private little one-girl brothel.\u201d She draws her finger up and down his body, from his groin to his chest. \u201cI can put on quite a show for you there, a more\u2026 personalised experiences.\u201d She looks over at the picture near the bed and smirks. \u201cAnd feel free to bring your friend. If you think you had it good, you should see what I can do to a woman like her.\u201d", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Fiona lay on her side next to the man, the curves of her body illuminated by the moonlight shining through the nearby open window, and her exposed front lit by the flickering of candle light all around the bed. "}, "post-89493": {"user": "Robert Fletcher", "user_num": 509, "timestamp": "1552530480000", "message": "Robert chuckled, running his fingers through Fiona's hair as he eyed her body and gave her butt a squeeze. If he wasn't careful, he'd go broke with this woman, and he'd have a grin on his face while he did it. She was dangerous, but that was what made her fun. This definitely wouldn't be the last time he'd be seeing her, that was for sure. As for Dixie...well, he'd have to introduce the two of them one of these days. Dixie could get awfully jealous, but only when she felt like she was being left out of the fun.\"I'll definitely have to do that,\" he said. \"She'd love it, you'd like her, and I might not survive the experience...but it'd be worth it. If you can really do better in your own place than what you did here...well, I'll have to see that with my own two eyes before I believe it.\"Yawning, he glanced out the window and wondered what time it was. How long would it be before he had to go in to work? Would he see the Empress? If he did, he'd undoubtedly get a raised eyebrow at the marks on his neck. She could chuckle and smirk all she wanted, though. It wasn't her problem what he did in his spare time, unless he fell asleep at his desk. Even if he did, his assistant Hazel was always around to wake him up before someone came knocking.\"Apartment number three on Dulcet street,\" he mused. \"That's good to know. I'll send you a gift later, so expect a package. I think you'll enjoy it.\"", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Robert chuckled, running his fingers through Fiona's hair as he eyed her body and gave her butt a squeeze. If he wasn't careful, he'd go broke with this woman, and he'd have a grin on his face while he did it. She was dangerous, but that was what made her fun. This definitely wouldn't be the last time he'd be seeing her, that was for sure. As for Dixie...well, he'd have to introduce the two of them one of these days. Dixie could get awfully jealous, but only when she felt like she was being left out of the fun."}, "post-89604": {"user": "Fiona Blythe", "user_num": 3339, "timestamp": "1553417399000", "message": "\u201cOh, but you've already given me quite the package,\u201d Fiona says as she rests her head on his chest. Her hand drifts down his tummy and just past his groin to give his equipment a small pat. \u201cAnd I must admit, I quite enjoyed it, almost as much as I'll enjoy spending my earnings.\u201d She can't help but chuckle at that as she raises her head and plants a kiss on his lips. A whisper follows, right into his ear. \u201cThank you.\u201d She sits up on the bed, still looking down at him, her back bathed in the candle's light. \u201cI look forward to meeting your friend, very much so in fact. It's been a while since I was with a woman who looks that good.\u201d She lets out a playful laugh. \u201cMost of my female customers are a little older, but have more money than satisfaction from their husbands. Of course, little do they know, their husbands also end up paying for my services every now and again.\u201d she would never tell (without the right price) but she had dirt that could ruin careers, relationships, and had information that could make someone immensely rich or immensely poor overnight. That information is hers though, and nobody else's. It's amazing what people will tell you once your lips are at the base of their\u2026 pride. \u201cOf course, if you were to die during our little adventure with your lady friend\u2026\u201d which she greatly anticipated, considering both Dixie's good looks but also her profession. \u201cI would need you to sign a waiver. If you die, I get your estate. That sounds fair, no?\u201d She asks, followed by a joking laugh. \u201cBut really, I would need you to leave my fee to me.\u201d When she isn't lusting for the pleasures of the flesh, she's lusting for money, there's no two ways about it. She is, quite literally, a greedy whore. She rolls over on top of him and almost pins him to the bed, a hungry look in her eye, but is it real? Considering her skills, that look could be just a well practiced tool of hers. However, she does lean down and give him a smooch before sitting up on his midsection. \u201cApartment number 3. If I'm not there, my neighbour will make the appointment. She agreed to be my secretary for a small cut.\u201d Fi stays sitting on top of him, her eyes on his. \u201cNow, where is your washroom? I can't go home smelling of sex and less savoury fluids, can I?\u201d She asks, her finger drawing a circle around his nipple. \u201cYou can watch for free if you like. Joining me will cost more, of course.\u201d ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "\u201cOh, but you've already given me quite the package,\u201d Fiona says as she rests her head on his chest. Her hand drifts down his tummy and just past his groin to give his equipment a small pat. \u201cAnd I must admit, I quite enjoyed it, almost as much as I'll enjoy spending my earnings.\u201d She can't help but chuckle at that as she raises her head and plants a kiss on his lips. A whisper follows, right into his ear. \u201cThank you.\u201d "}, "post-89752": {"user": "Robert Fletcher", "user_num": 509, "timestamp": "1555047783000", "message": "Robert sighed, leaning back into his pillow. This Fiona woman really was a professional. She didn't let up for one minute, did she? Always trying to squeeze out a few more coins. He could respect that, as a businessman himself. Dedication to one's work was a virtue, and Fiona seemed to have found a profession that she both loved and was good at. How many others could say the same?\u00a0Still, he really did need to sleep if he didn't want to spark the empress' ire tomorrow. Chuckling at Fiona's insinuations and returning her kiss, he gestured vaguely in the direction of the washroom.\"Believe me, I enjoyed it just as much as you did, Fiona dear. We'll be seeing each other again, I'm sure. Sometime soon, hopefully. As for tonight, though...I'd join you, but I'm afraid I'm at the end of my tether. I really must be getting to sleep. The washroom is down the hall, over that way.\"As she pinned him to the bed, he wondered what Dixie would say if the two of them were to meet. There might be some tension at first, but he was certain that they'd get along famously. Dixie could get awfully competitive at times, though...perhaps that would work out in his favor. Or, more than likely, perhaps he really would end up dead. Not a bad way to go out, he had to admit.\"You've got a secretary and everything,\" he mused. \"I'm impressed. You're the best in the city, there's no two ways about it...although I've heard that it's lonely at the top. I'm sure you don't have to worry about loneliness, though.\"", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Robert sighed, leaning back into his pillow. This Fiona woman really was a professional. She didn't let up for one minute, did she? Always trying to squeeze out a few more coins. He could respect that, as a businessman himself. Dedication to one's work was a virtue, and Fiona seemed to have found a profession that she both loved and was good at. How many others could say the same?\u00a0"}, "post-89894": {"user": "Fiona Blythe", "user_num": 3339, "timestamp": "1556794289000", "message": "Fiona chuckles atop the man, her body still in full view and without a hint of shame. Of course, why would she feel any shame, with a body like hers? Soft, but firm in all the right places, it's evident that she takes very good care of herself. While some have strict regimes of diet and exercise, though, Fiona found most of her workout from running along rooftops and climbing up the facades of buildings in the relentless search of valuables to pinch. \"I do have that effect on people,\" she muses as she continues to draw a little circle around Robert's nipple. \"I've been called a Succubus before, with how I drain my clients of their energy. Not the case, of course. I don't have horns yet.\" With that she laughs again, as if that was the last and only thing separating a succubus side form her human side. Fortunately for Robert, she is indeed all human. She feels the gears turn in his head, wondering what he's thinking, perhaps of reconsidering and going again? When he would be available again? Just how he's going to convince and pay for his friend to join? She can't be sure, but by the twinkle in his eye and the smile on his face, she knows it's quite pleasant. \"I do,\" she finally says after his comment on her secretary. \"A sweet old lady. She knows exactly what she's doing, and much to my surprise how much I may or may not earn. She's a shrewd business lady, I must admit. We have a lovely little agreement; she sets up my schedule and I essentially pay her retirement with a cut of my fees. It's quite a good deal, and she's very good with confidentiality, you can trust me on that.\" Finally, and with great reluctance, she dismounts Robert and rolls off the bed and onto her feet in one gracious movement. She takes a moment to stretch herself out, standing a little taller than before, then turning to Robert once more. \"Excuse me, my dear,\" she says as she leans over him. \"But I'm going to wash up. I'll be sure to come back and tuck you in before I say goodbye.\" Before he can speak though, she places both hands on the sides of his head, and pulls him into a passionate kiss that lasts for several moments. After disengaging, the woman stands again, hands on her hips. \"That's for telling me I'm the best. I love a man that tells the truth.\" She lets out a small giggle before turning and heading for the door, still in the buff. She stops just shy of opening the door and looks around briefly before finding a robe on a hook nearby. Without asking, she reaches over and wraps herself up in it, less for her own sake, she didn't care if the help saw her naked, but instead for Robert's. No need to give the help any particular ideas. With that, she heads out and down the hall, slowly than normal as her thief mind comes to the forefront and she begins to case the large apartment, looking for valuables she could pilfer at some point. Not tonight, but after she gains the man's trust, and then perhaps a wait for a little while after. Still, she finds the washroom easily enough, and marvels at the room. Faaaaancy\u2026 ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Fiona chuckles atop the man, her body still in full view and without a hint of shame. Of course, why would she feel any shame, with a body like hers? Soft, but firm in all the right places, it's evident that she takes very good care of herself. While some have strict regimes of diet and exercise, though, Fiona found most of her workout from running along rooftops and climbing up the facades of buildings in the relentless search of valuables to pinch. "}, "post-94441": {"user": "Robert Fletcher", "user_num": 509, "timestamp": "1577782186000", "message": "Robert led Vasco Correa and Moira to his penthouse apartment, up above a fabric merchant's store. The apartment would perhaps be a bit small compared to what Vasco was used to, but was nothing if not comfortable. The decor was befitting of a man of Robert's statue, with tastefully subtle artwork placed strategically around the rooms. As they stepped in, the group would be greeted by a pair of portraits: one depicting a golden-haired woman and another depicting Robert with another woman and a younger man, both sharing the same white hair. Gesturing for his guests to sit on one of the couches, Robert removed his coat and hung it on a rack. A white peacock came running out from one of the back rooms, and he patted it on the head.\"Welcome to my place,\" he said. \"This is my pet Bennik. My brother gave him to me a long time ago, heavens know where he found it. He's quite nice, doesn't bite. In any case, could I get either of you a drink? I have...well, I have most things. I appreciate variety in my life.\"\"Brandy,\" said Moira, still wrapped in her coat.\u00a0 \"And hot tea, if you have any. I'm still cold.\"She blinked several times and rubbed her left eye, wincing in discomfort. The glass eye had unbearably cold while they were outside, and was stubbornly refusing to warm up. Of course, she couldn't very well ask Robert for a hot towel without him asking why, and so she suffered in silence.", "link_list": ["/user/2926"], "image_list": [], "html": "Robert led "}, "post-94453": {"user": "Vasco Correa", "user_num": 2926, "timestamp": "1578015803000", "message": "The vampire's brows popped up once they arrived at Robert's penthouse. The peacock was the cherry on top, skittering out just in time to greet its owner. He wasn't going to admit it so readily, but he was impressed. He'd never had a peacock before.\"Shall I be predictable? Wine, if you will,\" said Vasco, shrugging off the expensive furs that decorated his cloak. Both were placed atop the same rack. Beneath it, he was dressed in a dark jerkin held together with silver clasps, worn snugly over a white blouse. Neat britches were fitted beneath a pair of laced boots with a slight heel. He was nothing if not stylish.His eyes lingered upon the portraits for a moment longer before he decided to join his new companions. \"A beautiful family. Are those your siblings? And mother?\"", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "The vampire's brows popped up once they arrived at Robert's penthouse. The peacock was the cherry on top, skittering out just in time to greet its owner. He wasn't going to admit it so readily, but he was impressed. He'd never had a peacock before."}, "post-94469": {"user": "Robert Fletcher", "user_num": 509, "timestamp": "1578038847000", "message": "Robert chuckled, vanishing into the kitchen for a moment before returning with drinks. The wine he poured for Vasco was a white wine from the former Medan region, bottled seven summers past. It was nothing special compared to the treasures found in the Empress's own Imperial Wine Cellars, but was far from cheap. Robert seldom had the opportunity to showcase his collection of fine wines, and couldn't help but swagger a bit as he brought it out. Unbeknownst to him, the peacock following him mimicked his cocky strut, fanning out its tail and bobbing its head as it walked.\"I hope this is to your liking,\" he said, pouring a glass. \"This bottle was a gift, and I haven't yet had the opportunity to try it myself. I suppose it's considered domestic nowadays, but it certainly wasn't when it was made. Oh, and the tea will be ready soon, Moira.\"Moira grumbled, still rubbing at her eye, but she accepted the glass of brandy and sipped at it cautiously. The warmth from the liquor was immediate, bringing some color back into her face, but the glass orb in her eye socket remained as chilly as ever. Robert, oblivious to her discomfort, chuckled at Vasco's comment about the paintings.\"Siblings? Mother? Goodness no. Those two are a couple of my cousins who live in the city, Roy and Roxanne. Roy is quite a nice young lad, but Roxanne can be troublesome. What she really needs is someone to rein her in, settle her down a bit...but that's far too much to ask from the poor men of Isra. The other painting is...a friend of mine. Dixie is her name. She works for the Isran Guard.\"He conspicuously avoided Moira's gaze, earning him another icy glare.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Robert chuckled, vanishing into the kitchen for a moment before returning with drinks. The wine he poured for Vasco was a white wine from the former Medan region, bottled seven summers past. It was nothing special compared to the treasures found in the Empress's own Imperial Wine Cellars, but was far from cheap. Robert seldom had the opportunity to showcase his collection of fine wines, and couldn't help but swagger a bit as he brought it out. Unbeknownst to him, the peacock following him mimicked his cocky strut, fanning out its tail and bobbing its head as it walked."}, "post-94588": {"user": "Vasco Correa", "user_num": 2926, "timestamp": "1578888844000", "message": "\"Oh, what a pleasure,\" said Vasco to Robert's offer of wine. He sipped it with a gentle enthusiasm, and though the flavor ricketed through his body, any warmth was deathly absent. The vampire pursed his lips and gave Robert an assuring nod. \"Not bad, Minister. Is that a hint of willow I taste?\" He swirled his tongue around his mouth, eyes questioning the ceiling before he put his hands up.\"Your family, by the way, all become the man they're related to. You said your niece was in town? And what does she do?\"He kept Moira in the corner of his eye, noting that hers continued to give her trouble. Vasco attempted to catch her gaze, his own questioning.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "\"Oh, what a pleasure,\" said Vasco to Robert's offer of wine. He sipped it with a gentle enthusiasm, and though the flavor ricketed through his body, any warmth was deathly absent. The vampire pursed his lips and gave Robert an assuring nod. \""}, "post-94595": {"user": "Robert Fletcher", "user_num": 509, "timestamp": "1578892503000", "message": "\"You'd be correct,\" said Robert, sipping at his own wine. \"You know your wine, Vasco.\" In truth, he had no idea what was in it, as all white wine tasted the same to him. Still, he was sure Vasco knew what he was tasting, and who was he to refute him? Sipping his own glass of wine, he nodded to himself, as though savoring the flavor. Yes,\u00a0 he thought. Yes, that's wine alright.\u00a0He refilled Moira's glass, earning him a begrudging murmur of thanks.\"Cousin,\" he corrected. \"And yes, she's in the city at the moment. As for what she does...goodness, I barely know myself these days. She's an adventurer and a bounty hunter, goes off for months to slay monsters for money. When she's back here, though, I believe she lives with our uncle and works in his candy shop. Nice enough girl, I suppose. Perhaps the two of you would get along. If you'd like, I could introduce you.\"He glanced back up at the portrait, gazing at the three painted faces. It really was quite flattering to all three of them, but to Roxanne most of all. The artist had taken quite a bit of creative license around her bosom, which she'd complained about afterwards. There wasn't anything to be done about it though, and so Robert had paid the man and hung the painting here instead of at his uncle's house. His relationship with her had always been rocky, to say the least, but family was family.Moira caught Vasco's gaze and stopped rubbing her eye, glancing away quickly. She blinked a couple of times, cheeks flushing as she took another sip. The peacock wandered over and laid its head on her thigh, and she patted it absently, clearly used to its presence.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "\"You'd be correct,\" said Robert, sipping at his own wine. \"You know your wine, Vasco.\" "}, "post-94623": {"user": "Vasco Correa", "user_num": 2926, "timestamp": "1579023866000", "message": "Vasco rested a foot atop his knee as he gazed at the portrait. Roxanne, hmm? Well, she certainly was easy on the eyes. \"I think I might like that,\" he answered, tilting his glass toward the painting. \"Does she enjoy odd hours? Never was a daytime person, myself.\"His eyes pendulum'd over to Moira again, then over to the second painting. \"What about your friend, there? What was her name? Dixie. Isn't she quite lovely?\" A badly contained smirk was hidden by his wine glass. \"She must be very close to the family if you decided to keep a portrait of her, as well. She is also living in Isra, I presume?\"He didn't look directly at her, but he did pay attention to the redhead at the corner of his eye while he gave Robert his gaze. He needed to see both reactions at once.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Vasco rested a foot atop his knee as he gazed at the portrait. Roxanne, hmm? Well, she certainly was easy on the eyes. \"I think I might like that,\" he answered, tilting his glass toward the painting. \"Does she enjoy odd hours? Never was a daytime person, myself.\""}, "post-94727": {"user": "Robert Fletcher", "user_num": 509, "timestamp": "1579558613000", "message": "In truth, Robert wasn't sure what hours his cousin kept. He wasn't her minder, after all. Really, he tried to avoid her as much as he could. Still, hadn't she been awake that one time he and Dixie had stumbled through her door in the middle of the night, barely able to walk straight? Didn't she occasionally mention going out at night to go fox hunting? That certainly seemed like evidence enough of her keeping odd hours, and so he nodded at Vasco's question.\"My dear cousin keeps all manner of hours,\" he said. \"I'll be sure to introduce the two of you. You two would get along, I think.\"This last bit wasn't exactly true, but Robert had been wrong before. Besides, wasn't Gran always talking about how Roxanne ought to get married already? It wasn't proper for her to be running around on her own like that, and besides, he'd heard rumors about her last boyfriend being considerably older than her. At least Vasco was her age, if nothing else. Rich, too.Vasco's inquiries about the second painting were a little more uncomfortable, not in the least because Moira was sitting right next to him, waiting impatiently for his response.\"A close friend indeed,\" he said, after an awkward pause. \"It's always good to know someone in the guard, you know. Even if you work in the government. Especially\u00a0if you work in the government. Say, is that the kettle going? I'll be right back with your tea, Moira. Excuse me a moment.\"He stepped hurriedly from the room and fled to the kitchen, leaving Moira and Vasco alone. Moira sighed, having seemed less than impressed with his explanation. She didn't mind putting up with Robert for the sake of her mission, but it still stung to be reminded that she wasn't the first choice.\"So, Se\u00f1or Correa,\" she said, with an almost flawless pronunciation, \"Rondon, huh? What's it like there? A lot warmer than around here, I'd suppose.\"", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "In truth, Robert wasn't sure what hours his cousin kept. He wasn't her minder, after all. Really, he tried to avoid her as much as he could. Still, hadn't she been awake that one time he and Dixie had stumbled through her door in the middle of the night, barely able to walk straight? Didn't she occasionally mention going out at night to go fox hunting? That certainly seemed like evidence enough of her keeping odd hours, and so he nodded at Vasco's question."}, "post-94746": {"user": "Vasco Correa", "user_num": 2926, "timestamp": "1579574813000", "message": "Vasco bounced lightly on the couch in amusement as Robert ran off, his grin spreading from one ear to the next. He took a sip of his wine and pointed at the man as he looked at Moira, wiggling his eyebrows. It was always funny to watch them scramble. He'd been caught in much the same position quite a few times as well.\"Why, yes! I don't think I've ever experienced a winter quite like this, though the cold doesn't bother me,\" he began, leaning back with his arms stretched out on the back of the furniture. \"And the architecture is quite different. Things seem a little more to the point here, but large and grand do seem to be the themes. Rondon has more an appreciation for the finer bits- rich ornamentation, a bit more patterns in the archways down to even the tiny-\" He pinched his fingers, \"-little squares and diamonds that your architects don't seem to bother with.\"A shrug. Then he put his hands up. \"Not that I'm complaining! The simplicity is quite charming in its own way.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Vasco bounced lightly on the couch in amusement as Robert ran off, his grin spreading from one ear to the next. He took a sip of his wine and pointed at the man as he looked at Moira, wiggling his eyebrows. It was always funny to watch them scramble. He'd been caught in much the same position quite a few times as well."}, "post-94751": {"user": "Robert Fletcher", "user_num": 509, "timestamp": "1579577926000", "message": "Moira eyed Vasco closely, clearly not nearly as amused by the whole situation as he was. As he explained the differences between Rondi and Isran architecture, she sighed, leaning back into the couch. No wonder he and Robert got along so well, she thought. Not only did they have similar habits when it came to drinking and women, but they both also seemed to love talking about things they didn't understand as though they were experts. As it so happened, Rondi architecture was something she knew quite a bit about, thanks to her training from working under the mysterious Dr. Ettinger. They'd been preparing to run some sort of operation overseas during the Rondi civil war, but the plan had been abandoned when the war came to an unexpectedly swift close.\"Ah yes,\" she said, nodding politely. \"The little squares and diamonds. The estrella, you mean. Lovely things. We don't have that level of detail because our major architecture is mainly based on elven influence, rather than being entirely based around Lord Mar\u00f3n of Arcoux's style of design, which itself is centered around the philosophy that if a even hand's breadth of space is left without art, the world is worse off for it. But you already knew that, didn't you, Se\u00f1or Correa?\"As she finished, Robert stepped back into the sitting room with a mug of tea, which he handed off to Moira before returning to his seat. To his relief, it seemed that the topic had changed, although he'd missed most of what Moira had said.\"Careful,\" he said, as Moira took a sip of the tea. \"It's hot. What were you two talking about, anyway?\"\"Nothing,\" she replied.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Moira eyed Vasco closely, clearly not nearly as amused by the whole situation as he was. As he explained the differences between Rondi and Isran architecture, she sighed, leaning back into the couch. "}, "post-94753": {"user": "Vasco Correa", "user_num": 2926, "timestamp": "1579579502000", "message": "Vasco's eyes fluttered as a wry smile plastered its way across his face. Before he could even give her an answer- something along the lines of \"Why of course I knew all about that. I was just simplifying for your sake,\" - Robert swept back into the room. \"Just some casual chitchat, completely boring and unimportant drabble. Actually, you know what would be a better subject?\" He held his hand out toward Robert. \"You. How did you come to secure your position of Minister? I can't imagine the hard work, dedication, and money it took to rise to such a position.\"He refused to look at Moira now despite how avid he was on her earlier.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Vasco's eyes fluttered as a wry smile plastered its way across his face. Before he could even give her an answer- something along the lines of \"Why of "}, "post-94765": {"user": "Robert Fletcher", "user_num": 509, "timestamp": "1579630832000", "message": "Robert paused, wondering for a brief moment if they'd been talking about him. No, that couldn't be it. Surely Vasco wouldn't change the subject right back to him if they were. He glanced over at Moira, who simply gave him a little nod, assuring him that they had, in fact, been talking about nothing of particular interest. Good ol' Moira, always dependable.\"This job?\" he repeated, giving a noncommittal shrug. \"It wasn't really anything much, really. With my experience and the influence of my family, it was a piece of cake to get the position. Gaining influence and respect within the citadel, now that was something I had to work at. It wasn't all that difficult, though. I'm a pretty charismatic person, and I daresay the Empress favors me.\"At this, there was a sudden snort as Moira choked on her tea. Robert turned, alarmed, but she held up a hand as she coughed and wiped her face with a handkerchief. One of his handkerchiefs, Robert noticed. When had she taken that?\"I'm sorry,\" she said, clearing her throat and taking a couple of deep breaths. \"Terribly sorry, Robert. Carry on.\"Robert hesitated, having lost his train of thought for the moment. That was strange, Moira rarely choked on things...but she seemed to have been a bit out of sorts all day.\"Uh...the Empress is quite fond of me and the work I do. How about yourself, Vasco? Any vocation you call your own?\"", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Robert paused, wondering for a brief moment if they'd been talking about him. No, that couldn't be it. Surely Vasco wouldn't change the subject right back to him if they were. He glanced over at Moira, who simply gave him a little nod, assuring him that they had, in fact, been talking about nothing of particular interest. Good ol' Moira, always dependable."}, "post-94805": {"user": "Vasco Correa", "user_num": 2926, "timestamp": "1579762451000", "message": "\"How lucky you are to have her attention,\" said Vasco with a staring, straight face. The edge of his lips twitched, fighting a smile. He had a harder time masking his emotions than his mother did. \"I can't imagine what it must be like to be in the same circles as your empress. Ah- our empress now, sorry. Just moved here recently and I'm still getting used to it all. Not Queen Xiomara... but Empress Naoki.\"He pondered on Robert's question during another sip of wine, his glass nearly empty now. \"Adventuring, finding rare treasures, hunting rare beasts.\" He gestured to his fur-lined cloak. \"Manticore. Slayed it myself. In fact-\" The vampire then pointed to Robert, brows pinched. \"It was put together by a seamstress by... Raelyn Fletcher. Family of yours, I presume?\"", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "\"How lucky you are to have her attention,\" said Vasco with a staring, straight face. The edge of his lips twitched, fighting a smile. He had a harder time masking his emotions than his mother did. \"I can't imagine what it must be like to be in the same circles as your empress. Ah- "}, "post-94847": {"user": "Robert Fletcher", "user_num": 509, "timestamp": "1579903890000", "message": "\"Lucky indeed,\" agreed Robert, letting out a smug chuckle. \"You know, many in the Citadel like to say that our Empress Naoki is the rightful leader of every nation in the world, and the others just don't know it yet. I don't know if the Empress holds the same opinion, but I've never seen her express it. More wine?\"He topped off Vasco's glass, eyeing the man's jacket. It certainly looked very fine, although Robert had never heard of making a coat of manticore fur. He nodded appreciatively, taking a sip of his own wine.\"Really,\" he said. \"Manticore? You slayed it yourself? Goodness, you and Roxanne will get along fabulously, then. She always did like the adventurous monster-slaying sort. I'm very impressed, I never would have taken you for an adventurer. And yes, Raelyn is a...second cousin or something. I'm really not quite sure, I have quite a lot of relatives. Have you ever seen a manticore-fur jacket, Moira?\"Moira shook her head, raising an eyebrow at the suggestion that he'd slain the beast himself.\"Never. Goodness, it looks awfully soft. Not at all like the coarse mane of a manticore. They must have done something amazing with it. It sure looks a lot like rabbit fur. Gosh, I'm so impressed.\"Her sarcasm went entirely unnoticed by Robert, who nodded along cheerfully.\"Yes, isn't it amazing? Manticore fur...maybe I should get myself a jacket like that.\"", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "\"Lucky indeed,\" agreed Robert, letting out a smug chuckle. \"You know, many in the Citadel like to say that our Empress Naoki is the rightful leader of every nation in the world, and the others just don't know it yet. I don't know if the Empress holds the same opinion, but I've never seen her express it. More wine?\""}, "post-94988": {"user": "Vasco Correa", "user_num": 2926, "timestamp": "1580407678000", "message": "Vasco took the wine with a pleasant vigor. The more the merrier; it was difficult to imbibe so much that it affected him with the vampiric curse anyway.Where Robert's comments stroked his ego, Moira's went against the grain. His charming smile turned taciturn for the second time that evening. \"That's because they are filthy until groomed, which Dona Fletcher did miraculously well with. For more proof, the face is hanging in our villa. Just in case you need confirmation. I was there for it, of course, so I know what happened.\"Sip.His brows flattened above his eyes.And then he smiled.\"If you'd like, Robert, I'm sure there are more in the woods below Isra. I could lure one out to the towers so you can watch me go against another one. The first time was a bit of a challenge but it should be no problem for the second.\"", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Vasco took the wine with a pleasant vigor. The more the merrier; it was difficult to imbibe so much that it affected him with the vampiric curse anyway."}, "post-95011": {"user": "Robert Fletcher", "user_num": 509, "timestamp": "1580443893000", "message": "\"I'm afraid I'll have to take your word for it,\" said Moira, setting the tea aside in favor of her liquor. \"I don't think I'll find myself at your villa any time soon.\"Robert noticed something in Vasco's gaze towards Moira, something other than the vague interest he'd shown her all night. What was it? Had she said something that he hadn't picked up on? The expression only lasted for a moment before Vasco's smile returned, making him wonder if he'd imagined it. The offer of going manticore hunting distracted him entirely, driving the thought from his mind.\"I would like that very much,\" he said, unable to help but grin at the prospect. \"A manticore hunt! It's been a while since I've had that sort of excitement. Perhaps I'll bring Roxanne, introduce the two of you then. She'd enjoy that sort of thing, and I'm certain that she'd be interested in the sort of man that can bring down a manticore. I don't suppose it's much like fighting a bull. Have you ever done that? I recall hearing about bull-fighting being quite popular in Rondon.\"\"They don't do that anymore,\" piped up Moira, holding up her glass to be refilled. \"Ever since the war, bulls are too valuable. They use wild boars now, which are just as dangerous and get almost as big over there.\"", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "\"I'm afraid I'll have to take your word for it,\" said Moira, setting the tea aside in favor of her liquor. \"I don't think I'll find myself at your villa any time soon.\""}, "post-95042": {"user": "Vasco Correa", "user_num": 2926, "timestamp": "1580537319000", "message": "\"This Roxanne of yours is sounding more and more intriguing,\" admitted Vasco, raising his brows. He preferred any woman that could look up at him like the hero he was. The dashing monster hunter. The dashing debonaire. If Roxanne were to be in trouble while they were in the field and he saved her, then there was no doubt that he would get exactly that out of the experience. He sipped his wine and mused on this before he started to answer Robert.But then he was interrupted.His face became stony as Moira spoke in place of him. The smile, the charm, all still there, but frozen in place.Several long, drawn-out seconds passed before he spoke again.\"Not nearly as entertaining as what you'll see in the eastern forests, Robert, I assure you. Bulls are nothing compared to the fascinating beasts that dwell around Isra. Why you won't even think you're missing anything after watching something truly magnificent. We could set a date, yes?\"He was looking straight at Moira, now, his stare blinkless. If she dared exchange glances, even for a second, she would find those eyes pulling at her, keeping her attention as everything else melted away.Everything but those eyes and his voice, loud and commanding above everything else.\"Perhaps we can teach you all about how dangerous Rondi men can be.\"", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "\"This Roxanne of yours is sounding more and more intriguing,\" admitted Vasco, raising his brows. He preferred any woman that could look up at him like the hero he was. The dashing monster hunter. The dashing debonaire. If Roxanne were to be in trouble while they were in the field and he saved her, then there was no doubt that he would get exactly that out of the experience. He sipped his wine and mused on this before he started to answer Robert."}, "post-95051": {"user": "Robert Fletcher", "user_num": 509, "timestamp": "1580542989000", "message": "\"My cousin certainly is an interesting girl,\" Robert agreed, topping off Moira's glass. \"A bit troublesome, perhaps, but I trust that you can handle a bit of trouble. A beast-hunt would be a lovely diversion. Perhaps in two weeks time? I should have a day off then, and I'll be able to get Roxanne to come along then as well. Will you be joining us, Moira?\"Moira seemed to ignore him for a moment, catching Vasco's eye and meeting his gaze. She found herself drawn towards his stare, captivated. It seemed as though the world outside of those eyes were fading into grey, and that her grasp of her own consciousness were slipping along with it. His words seemed to echo in her head, sliding their way through her thoughts like an eel. She could feel him taking hold, but it seemed...weak, somehow. As though his mesmerizing stare weren't nearly as powerful as it should be. Forcing herself into action before his will overpowered her, she shook her head and drained her glass in a single gulp, letting the sting of the liquor refocus her mind and bring her back to her senses. She coughed, wiping her mouth and ignoring Robert's sudden exclamation. What had he done to her? She wasn't entirely sure, but was almost certain that he would have had her in seconds if she'd had two natural eyes. A dangerous man indeed, this Vasco.\"I know all about Rondi men,\" she said simply, once more meeting his gaze without fear. The spell was broken now, he'd have no grasp over her unless she let herself become distracted. \"Most of the time they're tanned and strong, not pale and skinny. And they usually don't resort to cheap parlor tricks.\"She stood, grabbing her coat and waving away Robert's confused protests. Pulling the hood up over her head, she headed for the door, pausing for just a moment to speak over her shoulder before leaving.\"I don't think I'll go with you on this manticore hunt, Robert. One of us has to work, after all.\"", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "\"My cousin certainly is an interesting girl,\" Robert agreed, topping off Moira's glass. \"A bit troublesome, perhaps, but I trust that you can handle a bit of trouble. A beast-hunt would be a lovely diversion. Perhaps in two weeks time? I should have a day off then, and I'll be able to get Roxanne to come along then as well. Will you be joining us, Moira?\""}, "post-95154": {"user": "Vasco Correa", "user_num": 2926, "timestamp": "1580778376000", "message": "Vasco fluttered his eyes in confusion when Moira broke away from his gaze. A sneer began to rise in his features but seeing her rise had him quickly reverting it to an expression of feigned confusion. He played as though he had no idea what she was talking about and that perhaps he was just a little bit hurt.But not really.He gazed as she exited, a hand on his chin, the other swishing around his wineglass. A sharp one, her. If he planned to hang around Robert for any length of time, he'd have to remember to keep an eye out. Looking up, he addressed Robert, who no doubt was experiencing several things all at once. He rose to put a hand on the man's shoulder.\"No need to despair, my friend. Women do tend to have these moods once in a while. Before you know it she'll be back to normal, as though nothing happened.\" He took a gulp of his wine, finishing it. \"So what do you say, three days time for the hunt?\"", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Vasco fluttered his eyes in confusion when Moira broke away from his gaze. A sneer began to rise in his features but seeing her rise had him quickly reverting it to an expression of feigned confusion. He played as though he had no idea what she was talking about and that perhaps he was just a little bit hurt."}, "post-95391": {"user": "Robert Fletcher", "user_num": 509, "timestamp": "1581225726000", "message": "Robert was struck speechless by Moira's abrupt departure. What had happened? He must have missed something, that was the only explanation...but what? Moira wasn't prone to such erratic behavior, as far as he knew. He turned to Vasco, and it struck him that while the man looked a bit confused, he didn't seem at all surprised. Could he have done something? Maybe...but he couldn't be sure. Perhaps he'd ask Moira about it later.\"I do hope you'll forgive her,\" he said, glancing once more at the door. \"This isn't like her at all. I suppose you're right, though. Women do have a tendency to be...emotional. Erratic, even. Strange, I never would have taken her for the type to storm out...but yes, I suppose three days should be sufficient. Much longer than that away from work and the Empress would have my head. I'll bring Roxanne as well, I'm sure she'll agree. The two of you will get along fabulously, I'm sure of it.\"He'd have to send a letter to his Grandmother, he thought. She'd offer her support for sure. After all, hadn't it been her who'd been nagging Roxanne to get married? A union between the Fletchers and this mysterious but wealthy Correa family would be a favorable development for both houses. Yes, this would be the way to go.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Robert was struck speechless by Moira's abrupt departure. What had happened? He must have missed something, that was the only explanation...but what? Moira wasn't prone to such erratic behavior, as far as he knew. He turned to Vasco, and it struck him that while the man looked a bit confused, he didn't seem at all surprised. Could he have done something? Maybe...but he couldn't be sure. Perhaps he'd ask Moira about it later."}, "post-95426": {"user": "Vasco Correa", "user_num": 2926, "timestamp": "1581307492000", "message": "Vasco gave the man a hearty pat on the back. There was never a time to mourn over a woman's dramatics. \"She will come around,\" he reassured Robert once more. \"You will have quite a bit of fun watching your cousin and I hunt for this treacherous beast. We'll make as much of a show for you as possible.\"He cared for this man, he did. Kindred spirits were hard to find.\"Until then, I shall toast: to new friends.\" He raised his glass, clinked it to Robert's, finished it off. \"It has been quite a pleasure, Robert. I shouldn't overstay my welcome, as I'm sure an important man like you has a lot to do. Happy Yule, aye?\" The vampire reached for his coat, slipping it over his shoulders.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Vasco gave the man a hearty pat on the back. There was never a time to mourn over a woman's dramatics. \"She will come around,\" he reassured Robert once more. \"You will have quite a bit of fun watching your cousin and I hunt for this treacherous beast. We'll make as much of a show for you as possible.\""}}