{"post-87713": {"user": "The Tamorjin Tribe", "user_num": 3171, "timestamp": "1544659194000", "message": "Conqueror's PeakStanding on foundations of ivory it was founded in war, built on conquest, decorated with the spoils, and tempered in the blood of those who would see it fall.\u00a0Wind can\u2019t erode it, waters cannot flood it, and even the sea of grass has bent to the Khan's will.The palace is the home for the Khan's family and serves as a meeting place for his war chiefs, advisors, and other tribal leaders. It has a throne room, a dining hall, living quarters, a harem, an armory, and gardens.", "link_list": [], "image_list": ["https://i.imgur.com/0ObF3yO.png"], "html": "<div style=\"text-align:center;\"><font size=\"5\">Conqueror's Peak</font></div>"}, "post-87747": {"user": "Kuchar", "user_num": 3177, "timestamp": "1544740882000", "message": "Early in the day, scarcely an hour after sunrise, the palace was abuzz with servants pacing through the halls. They decorated the halls with colorful ribbons, dusted every corner, straightened all the multiple rooms within and tended to the gardens. Food was being prepared, wafting its heavy scent through each room connected to the kitchen.A massive, hulking figure shuffled his way through the archways, appropriately gigantic to accommodate those of his ilk. He was swathed in rich furs and jewelry, clacking and banging together as he walked. It was not his preferred dress, but flaunting one's status was important when meeting with other influential... dare he think it? Leaders. Though the person he was meeting was no king, he did have a loyal following. From what he understood from his daughter's ramblings, that following could crush them at any point. His wife had fought day and night to keep them somewhat pleased, but she was gone. It was his turn now.With a disgruntled sigh, he lumbered to the throne room, wondering if a kurultai could be called to resolve this annoyance once and for all. The thought was highly enticing, but his daughter's birthday was in three days and she would have none of it.Vaguely, he gestured to the great palace doors and ordered his servants to get ready for this tiresome meeting that would no doubt be filled with squabble.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Early in the day, scarcely an hour after sunrise, the palace was abuzz with servants pacing through the halls. They decorated the halls with colorful ribbons, dusted every corner, straightened all the multiple rooms within and tended to the gardens. Food was being prepared, wafting its heavy scent through each room connected to the kitchen."}, "post-87756": {"user": "Altan of The Qara'M\u00f6ngke", "user_num": 3237, "timestamp": "1544744758000", "message": "The Qara'Mongke were famed throughout Tamorjin as having among the most, if not the most, feared warriors. It was understandable, their fighting style was fierce and unrestrained. A Qara'Mongke throws himself into battle without any thought given to defence, with no care given to if they would live or die. They possessed a brutal unrestrained savagery in combat that made many think they were little more than wild animals, largely because they were generally an isolationist tribe that wanted little to do with the other mountain men. That had changed when Kuchar had come to their sacred mountain hall. The aspiring Kahn had wanted the might of the Qara'Mongke at his back as he brought the other tribes in line. With the help of a defector who spoke to him of the xenophobic tribe's ways, Kuchar knew that the Qara'Mongke followed many of the traditions of the other Tamorjin Moutain men, including ritual combat. Challenging the tribe's Kahn Kuchar emerged victorious, claiming the loyalty of the Qara'Mongke... at least on the surface.Not long after Kuchar took his seat the entryway to the palace bangs open. The great doors slammed open as though by the fist of an angry giant, yet the man who had pushed them open was shorter than Kuchar. Yet most who stood before him felt as though he loomed. The young man had a force and a presence that belayed his years. Perhaps it was because of the dragon fang necklace around his neck, perhaps it was due to the cloak made of the hide of a dead bear so large it could have snapped a mountain man in half. Or maybe it was his eyes.Atlan had the eyes of a predator. Eyes that saw much but gave away little. Deep and dark, they were filled with the barely contained savagery that his tribe was known for. To look into his eyes was to know that the only thing keeping his hands from your throat was the thinnest thread of decorum. Although, in recent months that had abated somewhat as he was embroiled, reluctantly, into the politics of the Kahn's court. The beginnings of a spark of guile mixing into those black eyes.Striding up to the throne, head held high Atlan has not bothered with any fineries beyond the marks of his most brutal and notorious battles. When he arrives at the foot of the throne he does not bow, he does not kneel, he does not even incline his head. He simply looks up at Kuchar with a remote, unreadable expression. However, his eyes tell the truth. The man before Kuchar would devour the Khan if given the chance. \"Why has my Khan sent for me.\" The deep rumbling bass voice of the young tribe leader has the faintest hint of deference, just enough to not be overtly rude.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "The Qara'Mongke were famed throughout Tamorjin as having among the most, if not the most, feared warriors. It was understandable, their fighting style was fierce and unrestrained. A Qara'Mongke throws himself into battle without any thought given to defence, with no care given to if they would live or die. They possessed a brutal unrestrained savagery in combat that made many think they were little more than wild animals, largely because they were generally an isolationist tribe that wanted little to do with the other mountain men. "}, "post-87888": {"user": "Kuchar", "user_num": 3177, "timestamp": "1545370082000", "message": "As he Looked upon the Man of the Mountain before him, Kuchar ran his hand down his beard in thought. For a few moments, they sized one another up, neither intimidated by the other. It was hard to discern if one even respected the strength of the man before them. It was clear that Kuchar understood the political power that Altan had weighed against him, but the Khan also had a lot of weight to throw around. He did not pry the title from the corpse of Altan's father for nothing.\"Many reasons, Altan. It is the eve of the Princess' coming of age ceremony, for one. The event shall be quite massive. I've invited many tribe leaders to attend. It shall be a good time for a gathering.\"\"I've received word of Tayang's first raid and it has been a success. We have quite a few slaves in tow for trading. I'm told there is a formidable Woman of the Field among them. Her blood will be tested for purity, but... she just might be worth your time if the results are fine.\"\"And lastly, the true reason I have called for you: We have grown quite swiftly from the tribe we used to be. This means we have twice as many enemies as ever. Since I slew their precious Tsenpo, I imagine the Teng will have reason to target our farthest territories sometime in the near future, but they are not known for their offensive tactics. They prefer to keep themselves holed up in their little valley.\"\"The centaur tribes, though scattered, will be seeking to unite in the plateau. Though great progress has been made in their slaughter... quite a few of my men have been disappearing in the southwestern mountains, beyond the desert. It is there that one of the centaur's great sages was last seen. She would be a great prize to have among my ranks, but no ordinary soldier will be able to face her at this rate.\"Kuchar's eyes landed right onto Altan's, bearing into them.\"Her retrieval would be greatly rewarded... with a Champion's Beast, and one who has experience on the battlefield.\"", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "As he Looked upon the Man of the Mountain before him, Kuchar ran his hand down his beard in thought. For a few moments, they sized one another up, neither intimidated by the other. It was hard to discern if one even respected the strength of the man before them. It was clear that Kuchar understood the political power that Altan had weighed against him, but the Khan also had a lot of weight to throw around. He did not pry the title from the corpse of Altan's father for nothing."}, "post-87895": {"user": "Altan of The Qara'M\u00f6ngke", "user_num": 3237, "timestamp": "1545420366000", "message": "As Kuchar speaks Altan folds his powerful arms across his chest, his head tilting ever so slightly to indicate that while he was not open to Khan he was interested in what the man had to say. Meaningless drivel for the most part, at least in Altan's estimation. Well, he could respect that the coming of age of the Khan's daughter was an important event within the man's household, it held little interest to the young man. From what he'd heard of the princess she was soft. A girl more concerned with words and politics than anything else.The news of the successful raid was of slightly more interest. Had Altan had his own way then the Qara would have swept down from the mountain long ago to show the other tribes the meaning of strength. Kuchar's expansion and aggression was one of the few things he agreed with and would have participated in. After all, he could increase his own tribe's strength even as he increased that of the Khan's. The suggestion that Kuchar may give him a slave was not appealing though, Altan did not need to have such things handed to him.\"We should simply put their little valley to the torch.\" Altan rumbles. What value their valley held was underneath its soil not in, so little enough would be lost if they stamped them out in brutal fashion. Not only that but if they could defeat the Teng in the pass it would send a clear message to the other clan's of Toragana, that the Tamorjin would reign supreme. Finally, the true reason for the farce of an audience is revealed. Just as he suspected it was a task of some importance coupled with a bribe of not inconsiderable value. Altan was getting used to being handled with silk gloves by Kuchar's household, they thought of him as a snake waiting to bite perhaps. Still, a challenge was being issued and Altan would not have it said that he could not complete any task. \"Do not mince words with me. If you wish for me to bring this centaur to be brought to heel then ask.\" ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "As Kuchar speaks Altan folds his powerful arms across his chest, his head tilting ever so slightly to indicate that while he was not open to Khan he was interested in what the man had to say. Meaningless drivel for the most part, at least in Altan's estimation. Well, he could respect that the coming of age of the Khan's daughter was an important event within the man's household, it held little interest to the young man. From what he'd heard of the princess she was soft. A girl more concerned with words and politics than anything else."}, "post-87977": {"user": "Kuchar", "user_num": 3177, "timestamp": "1545957655000", "message": "The Khan grinned. He expected nothing less from the warrior of the Qara'Mongke. They always moved forward, plowing their way through any challenge, any wall, any border. It was why he wanted Altan to head this raid, as none other had been successful.\"I have scouts looking for their caravans now. Prince Tayang is constructing a plan to get several of our warriors inside of their walls. They cannot focus on the outside if their focus is on the chaos within their walls.\"Once Altan demanded his attention on the matter of his quest, Kuchar chuckled. \"Very well, Altan of the Qara'Mongke. Bring back the sage of the Swiftstride tribe. Mottled grey, they keep to the mountains, hard to spot in the snow. I want her alive, else her powers are useless to me. Kill her subordinates. You have three days to prepare if you need it.\"", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "The Khan grinned. He expected nothing less from the warrior of the Qara'Mongke. They always moved forward, plowing their way through any challenge, any wall, any border. It was why he wanted Altan to head this raid, as none other had been successful."}, "post-87979": {"user": "Altan of The Qara'M\u00f6ngke", "user_num": 3237, "timestamp": "1545962397000", "message": "It took some modicum of effort on Altan's part not to sneer at Kuchar as he explained his plans to deal with the Teng. While Altan was growing an understanding of such subterfuge he still viewed it as a crutch used by the weak to subvert the strong. Understanding the minds that would use such underhanded tactics was one of his current goals, his father hadn't and he'd died because of it. While Altan may never use such cowardly tricks himself he would know of them so he could turn them back on the whelp who thought that cleverness could make up for cowardice. \"What preparations would one need when hunting an animal.\" While his response was phrased as a question, it was a rhetorical statement. Altan's hunting techniques were well known. \"Your will be done Khan.\" The young man says with as much deference as he can manage, which was just enough to be polite. Then he turns on his heel and walks out without waiting to be dismissed. ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "It took some modicum of effort on Altan's part not to sneer at Kuchar as he explained his plans to deal with the Teng. While Altan was growing an understanding of such subterfuge he still viewed it as a crutch used by the weak to subvert the strong. Understanding the minds that would use such underhanded tactics was one of his current goals, his father hadn't and he'd died because of it. While Altan may never use such cowardly tricks himself he would know of them so he could turn them back on the whelp who thought that cleverness could make up for cowardice. "}, "post-91773": {"user": "Kuchar", "user_num": 3177, "timestamp": "1561676889000", "message": "In the midst of Dzhambul was a throne carved from stone, with a seat several sizes bigger than than the man who sat within it. The gesture was there in hopes of a long rein, for when years passed and the giant would grow into his seat.Heavily bearded and thick in every sense of the word, the great Kuhar Khan looked down upon the figure that made his way up the stairs into the spacey throne room, created for the purpose of housing many Men of the Mountain, and yet standing beside the roughly carved pillars, roaming the halls, keeping a watchful eye on the visitor that dared have council with their great ruler that day\u2026 were Field Women.He was a behemoth surrounded by a field of vipers. The Khan grinned at the construct before him as he was introduced by a lavishly clothed girl at the entrance. He pointed at him with a small gesture of amusement.\u201cThis-\u201d he began, raising his brows. \u201cThis is not what I was expecting. Not an everyday occurrence, someone like you. Tell me, please, I\u2019m eager to know: why do you see the great Khan today?\u201d", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "In the midst of Dzhambul was a throne carved from stone, with a seat several sizes bigger than than the man who sat within it. The gesture was there in hopes of a long rein, for when years passed and the giant would grow into his seat."}, "post-91794": {"user": "Vanidici, The Malicious", "user_num": 3491, "timestamp": "1561704782000", "message": "Vanidici entered the throne room expressionless and silent. His footsteps airy and seeming to make no impact on the ground beneath him. His eyes seemed to wander around the palace as he walked so slowly towards the khan. It was impossible for him to show it on his face but he was unimpressed and grew quickly uninterested. Puzzling to him how all fleshy beings felt the need to surround themselves in absolute grandeur as some sort of compensation. It would seem hypocritical coming from a creature wearing an entirely gold outfit. And well, that is exactly how the construct operated.When he came to a full stop and listened to the Khan's curiosity rise, he offered a short and polite bow to the conqueror before him.\"Kuchar Khan, I am humbled by your quick response to my request. I come here to extend wisdom and fortune for the endeavors your future holds.\" He rose from his bow and stared his emotionless face towards the Khan. He stood straight up and planted his staff beside him hard, as an indebted soldier would.\u00a0", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Vanidici entered the throne room expressionless and silent. His footsteps airy and seeming to make no impact on the ground beneath him. His eyes seemed to wander around the palace as he walked so slowly towards the khan. It was impossible for him to show it on his face but he was unimpressed and grew quickly uninterested. Puzzling to him how all fleshy beings felt the need to surround themselves in absolute grandeur as some sort of compensation. It would seem hypocritical coming from a creature wearing an entirely gold outfit. And well, that is exactly how the construct operated."}, "post-91932": {"user": "Kuchar", "user_num": 3177, "timestamp": "1562003325000", "message": "\"Extended wisdom and fortune...\" mumbled the Khan, looking down at the construct with deep intrigue. He steepled his fingers at his mouth. \"You mean to be an adviser to the Great Khan?\"There were not many who would step up to the plate since the death of his Queen Consort. There were few who could, as much of his current success was because if her sharp wit. Had she still been alive, much more of Toragana would have been taken over and become Tamorjin territory. Perhaps that was why things were going so slowly now.\"Tell me- Vanidici, you said- what can you give to me to prove that you will be useful? What do you know that the Khan does not?\"", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "\"Extended wisdom and fortune...\" mumbled the Khan, looking down at the construct with deep intrigue. He steepled his fingers at his mouth. \"You mean to be an adviser to the Great Khan?\""}, "post-92424": {"user": "Vanidici, The Malicious", "user_num": 3491, "timestamp": "1562917525000", "message": "Something eerie happened following Kuchar's words. The frowning face of the construct seemed to distort from some sort of azure lightning, and the face on the mask flipped upright to form a smiling face instead of one somber. \"My great Khan, what an excellent question.\" He took a seat and held tight to his staff as he did. Perfectly postured and ethereal the being stared deeply at Kuchar for what felt like an eternity. Realistically, only seconds had passed before he spoke again.\"I am not omnipotent. There is information even beyond my own gaze, which if you feel you can trust me with I will ensure that it compliments your throne for ages. What I do know is that there are ones who plan to overtake you. Ones who have thoughts of your death implanted prominently. Even ones who have tried to kill you... And will try again. I know that not everyone close to you has your best interest in mind. While some my be at your whim completely others feel that your rule is undeserved by you. I could feel that being in this palace. There is concern drifting through these corridors. Eyes ever shifting and some that could not even look at me back, knowing I came to see you. You must be feeling lost without your beloved.\"His face changed back, and he lowered his head again.\"Forgive me for speaking out of turn. I cannot know what it is to feel loss the way you do. Yet I do know the feeling of absolutely being lost. I have yet to find my own purpose.\" He rose from his seat.\"I, Vanidici, will be your eyes, mind, and sword if you see me fit. I am willing to prove my worth in any way you deem appropriate. From there I can give undying loyalty and an assurance that all of Toragana will be in your hand. Selfishly I can find my purpose, and selflessly ensure that yours is absolute.\" ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Something eerie happened following Kuchar's words. The frowning face of the construct seemed to distort from some sort of azure lightning, and the face on the mask flipped upright to form a smiling face instead of one somber. "}, "post-92635": {"user": "Kuchar", "user_num": 3177, "timestamp": "1563922929000", "message": "Kuchar scratched his beard as Vanidici spoke, eyes bearing into his the dark, lifeless slits of the construct. Various expressions crossed his face: intrigue, humor, the grief that swallowed his heart in darkness for the last two years. His brow hung a shadow over his eyes as he leaned forward, fingers steepled at his lips.The whispers. Yes, Kuchar had heard them, could sometimes discern them, but the corruption in his court ran much deeper than the words shared among those around him. Feelings of contempt, fear, suspicion\u2026 they lingered in the hearts of every Field Woman and Mountain Man here. The court was held together by intimidation and no real sense of trust, not since Khulan\u2019s death. It made what this construct promised enticing.A little smirk slid across the Khan\u2019s lips, accompanied by a chuckle. He nodded, shuffled in his chair, then he let out a contemplative hum.\u201cI am no fool to believe promises only in words, but the great Khan does not pass up an opportunity when one presents itself. Very well, then. You shall accompany Tayang, the Crown Prince. He will teach you our politics, and you shall guide him. If I hear you have done him a great service\u2026\u201d He waved his fingers in a circle, then gestured to the palace. \u201cThen I shall think of having you by my side, here, in Conquerer\u2019s Peak.\u201d", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Kuchar scratched his beard as Vanidici spoke, eyes bearing into his the dark, lifeless slits of the construct. Various expressions crossed his face: intrigue, humor, the grief that swallowed his heart in darkness for the last two years. His brow hung a shadow over his eyes as he leaned forward, fingers steepled at his lips."}, "post-92780": {"user": "Vanidici, The Malicious", "user_num": 3491, "timestamp": "1564498184000", "message": "Vanidici's smile returned at the words from Kuchar's mouth. He was in no denial that this victory would be an easy one but this seemed even less problematic than expected. The Khan's thirst for assurance was his downfall this time without his knowledge of it, which meant the time Vanidici had to assure his foothold would be great. Such foolishness in the minds of humans. It brought him tremendous pleasure knowing how smoothly this would go.\u00a0\"As I've stated my dear Khan, I am happy to oblige any prerequisites you place before me in order to prove my worth and talent. I do not expect one as yourself to be so eager to allow strangers by your side in this era of distrust and debauchery. I am happy to accompany the prince for as long as you deem necessary. Is this something I should be preparing for immediately? I am ready at your command, Kuchar Khan.\"\u00a0A task like this only had one obstacle and that was the prince himself. Surely the Khan had people under his belt that were more perceptive than himself. If he was able to take the prince for a fool as well than the stones will have been laid. Those in control of different sectors of the Khan's military and politics would be the more difficult roadblocks. None of which Vanidici feared.\u00a0", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Vanidici's smile returned at the words from Kuchar's mouth. He was in no denial that this victory would be an easy one but this seemed even less problematic than expected. The Khan's thirst for assurance was his downfall this time without his knowledge of it, which meant the time Vanidici had to assure his foothold would be great. Such foolishness in the minds of humans. It brought him tremendous pleasure knowing how smoothly this would go.\u00a0"}, "post-92969": {"user": "Kuchar", "user_num": 3177, "timestamp": "1565205303000", "message": "\"Yes,\" Kuchar answered, pointing westward. \"Our Jinong* shall return shortly after his first raid. I heard he has done well and brought in a quality haul of women and slaves. After my meeting with Tayang, I will let him know about your role here. He will need help distributing the slaves, whether he intends to sell or keep them. That will, perhaps, be your first task.\"After gesturing to one of the field women in the room, he then pointed to the halls. \"A living space will be made for you in the Servant's Quarter, for now. If there is something you need, our court ladies will take the request.\"All the eyes in the room ticked over to Vanidici for a brief moment. A tenseness presented itself in the air.\"How does this arrangement sound to you, construct?\"", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "\"Yes,\" Kuchar answered, pointing westward. \"Our Jinong* shall return shortly after his first raid. I heard he has done well and brought in a quality haul of women and slaves. After my meeting with Tayang, I will let him know about your role here. He will need help distributing the slaves, whether he intends to sell or keep them. That will, perhaps, be your first task.\""}}