{"post-33012": {"user": "Immortal Dendron", "user_num": 1377, "timestamp": "1460536120000", "message": "In this region of the wilderness, a legend circulates, that goes something like this.\"Long ago, the gods still walked the earth. \u00a0They were beings of perfection, unimaginably strong. \u00a0Their every action was a miracle. \u00a0Before them, the land was clay, to be reshaped. \u00a0The ocean, a puddle. \u00a0They brought life, and so too did they take it away. \u00a0In this age, there was a god unlike the others. \u00a0He did not, like the others, indulge in shaking the very foundations of the world. \u00a0His great desire was merely to relax, and waste away the time. \u00a0And so, while others were creating their great works, he merely lay in a field, staring at the sky. \u00a0And so he remained until the Other descended from on high. \u00a0It did battle with the gods, and broke their power, scouring them from the world they had held dominion over. \u00a0But the lazy god, asleep in his field, neither saw nor heard these events, spared destruction by his own sloth. \u00a0When he awoke, he saw the land torn asunder, the greatest works of his brothers laid to waste, and he wept. \u00a0Ragnarok had come and gone, and he had not helped his brothers. \u00a0Torn asunder by regret, he withdrew from the world into a great forest, there to create his own monument, his own great testament to the wonder of the gods. \u00a0He created a forest. \u00a0For each of his fallen brethren, he raised a tree of purest gold, with bark of silver, and leaves of the greenest copper. \u00a0And there he rests, to this day, awaiting the end of the world.\"", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "In this region of the wilderness, a legend circulates, that goes something like this."}, "post-33042": {"user": "Immortal Dendron", "user_num": 1377, "timestamp": "1460572623000", "message": "The forest is silent, no song of birds, no hum of insects, no rustle of passing animals.  After all, what animals can feed upon trees of gold and silver?  What plants can grow beneath a curtain of copper leaves?  At its very center, there is a clearing.  A single island of life.  A ancient, gnarled tree grows at the very center of this, alone in a field of grass.  This tree is the last.  While its brethren were given ageless bodies of gold, it was left alone, to age and to wither.  But still it stands, stubbornly clinging to life after centuries.  At its foot, there rests a metal figure.  It is overgrown with moss, partially fused with the tree.  For centuries, there has been silence and stillness here.  Then, there is a long, low creak.  The figure moves.  It has been called.  It is no longer alone.  Slowly dragging itself to its feet, it rests a hand on the tree.  With a long, groaning creak, the tree slowly transforms.  Wood replaced by gold and silver, leaves shimmering into copper, not yet corroded enough to have turned green.  Before the process can complete, it reaches up, and carefully removes one of the sturdy branches.  Finally, it etches a name deep into the trunk.\"Dendron\"With that, he marches out of the forest, to meet his brethren.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "The forest is silent, no song of birds, no hum of insects, no rustle of passing animals.  After all, what animals can feed upon trees of gold and silver?  What plants can grow beneath a curtain of copper leaves?  At its very center, there is a clearing.  A single island of life.  A ancient, gnarled tree grows at the very center of this, alone in a field of grass.  This tree is the last.  While its brethren were given ageless bodies of gold, it was left alone, to age and to wither.  But still it stands, stubbornly clinging to life after centuries.  At its foot, there rests a metal figure.  It is overgrown with moss, partially fused with the tree.  For centuries, there has been silence and stillness here.  Then, there is a long, low creak.  The figure moves.  It has been called.  It is no longer alone.  Slowly dragging itself to its feet, it rests a hand on the tree.  With a long, groaning creak, the tree slowly transforms.  Wood replaced by gold and silver, leaves shimmering into copper, not yet corroded enough to have turned green.  Before the process can complete, it reaches up, and carefully removes one of the sturdy branches.  Finally, it etches a name deep into the trunk."}}