{"post-26650": {"user": "Ralf Valgard, the White Wolf", "user_num": 451, "timestamp": "1456885818000", "message": "Oi, Ralf here. I'd like to explain Varan politics because some of you may be curious, or misinformed (which most seem to be) about how it works. Asgeir should be recognized as a region - not a nation/kingdom. It is a very large region divided into separate 'holds'. As such, each hold is subject to its own customs, practices, politics, local traditions etc. Holds are generally ruled by a jarl - or in some cases a king - depending on how they style themselves. The best way to look at it is like Scandinavia. Scandinavia is a large region spanning Denmark, Norway, Finland, and Sweden: 4 different countries with its own laws, political systems, and customs. But they're still all 'nordic' (relatively). A Dane living in Denmark is not always affected by how the Swedes govern themselves in Sweden, but they're all in Scandinavia. This was important in my inspiration because Norse folk were my main inspiration. Asgeir is very similar. The Varan all live in Asgeir, but they belong to their own holds and follow their own traditions and customs. A Varan living in the Black Vale is not subject to anyone living in Valland, and vice verse.  There is no overarching political entity governing the whole of Asgeir, as it is merely a region divided into separate 'kingdoms' (holds). A High King?  After the Cataclysm, Asgeir was pretty trashed. So they rallied together under a single banner: that of the Borg clan (Jarldom of Stormhold). At that time, when all the clans swore fealty to Borg, Asgeir was technically a single nation, but only spanned the city and outskirts of Stormhold. Borg was proclaimed High King, an effective title for one who would lead the allied Varan against their enemies. But once Asgeir was reclaimed, the noble families were reinstalled at their respective domains (i.e. Valgards regain control of Valland) and set to govern them. By then, the bonds between the clans were much stronger, but Varan societies are fairly independent and so the 'High King' really has no power except in Stormhold (where he is Jarl). The title was merely passed down. However, his word is highly respected and revered; and should Asgeir ever need a single leader again, a new High King will be named. No noble clan owes any allegiance to a single king. It's not possible for a hold to rebel or secede, as they're not bound to any overarching entity - in other words there's no governing body for them to rebel against. It's like Denmark rebelling against Scandinavia, or France rebelling against Europe; it's not possible and it sounds silly. \"Not following the authority of the High King\" is also silly. It's unheard of actually. The High King governs Stormhold - he doesn't govern Valland or the Black Vale. He makes the rules and enforces them in Stormhold, nowhere else. Of course, the Varan work together and help each other, but they govern separately. It's not possible to disobey the High King unless you live in Stormhold; it's impossible for someone like Ralf, Aesa, or Ulfang to disobey the High King simply because they belong to Valland/TBV - not Stormhold. Finally, I implore you to all ask me questions about the Varan cause I'd very much like to answer some. ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Oi, Ralf here. I'd like to explain Varan politics because some of you may be curious, or misinformed (which most seem to be) about how it works. "}}