{"post-59": {"user": "LanceronMedanIV", "user_num": 9, "timestamp": "1416866334000", "message": "In the heavily forested hills northwest of Arden is a massive hive of monstrously huge bees. These bees produce the finest honey on the Dawn Coast, but the smallest of them is a foot long with the temperament of a rabid dog. The largest can grow upwards of ten feet! The self-proclaimed Lord the Dawn Coast, Lanceron Medan IV, has put out a call for heroes, rangers, scouts, and naturalists. He needs someone to either subdue the bees and find a way to readily secure their honey over a long period of time, or remove the dangerous menace and get a one time surplus of honey.This mission will be dangerous enough, but as long as those undertaking it are cautious and avoid the other monsters and brigands in the region, should not result in fatalities on either side. Unless, of course, adventurers would rather clear out the hive. To do so, prospective hunters must slay the queen bee and destroy her royal jelly.Reward (Securing the Hive): Inclusion in to the Kingdom of Arden and a seat on the Medani council, as well as land, herds, and other incomes that are part of such a prestigious position.Reward (Clearing out the Hive): A masterwork yew longbow and quiver of arrows of fine Ardish make, as much honey and mead as you can carry, and the eternal gratitude of King Lanceron IV.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "In the heavily forested hills northwest of Arden is a massive hive of monstrously huge bees. These bees produce the finest honey on the Dawn Coast, but the smallest of them is a foot long with the temperament of a rabid dog. The largest can grow upwards of ten feet! The self-proclaimed Lord the Dawn Coast, Lanceron Medan IV, has put out a call for heroes, rangers, scouts, and naturalists. He needs someone to either subdue the bees and find a way to readily secure their honey over a long period of time, or remove the dangerous menace and get a one time surplus of honey."}}