{"post-26022": {"user": null, "user_num": null, "timestamp": "1456654487000", "message": "Ladies and Gentlemen.  In recent times, there has been a lot of common outcry, and I would like to take this opportunity to put together a dissertation of the situation.  I believe that there is a lot of dissonance, because of a lack of shared understanding.The first, and very important thing to make note of is what the sandbox is, why it is, and how this identity was determined.The sandbox began as a vision in the mind of Sara, the administrator/creator.  It is my belief that it was envisioned as a place of freedom, allowing both interesting stories and, in particular, combat.  Her own background, from what I understand, is heavily based in combat RP.  In the introduction post, the sandbox is consistently referred to as a game.  It is an interesting terminology to use, because \u201cgame\u201d implies objectives, and moves to complete them.  However, the sandbox is only very loosely regulated, and so there can be no concrete objectives.  They must be defined by the player.  I posit that the sandbox was built to accommodate all objectives and visions, even including those that run counter to the objectives and visions of other players.  In fact, I would say that the rules support the ability to force outcomes upon other players, in service to a particular objective (e.g. the forced response rule, or the death avoidance rules.).  This, I think, sums up the experience as a whole.  Unregulated freedom to the players.  I propose, then that the common players (myself included), do not see the sandbox this way.  In the community, there are a wide variety of rules, unofficial, perhaps even unspoken.  A few examples might include \u201cDon\u2019t kill a character without OOC permission\u201d, or \u201cDon\u2019t launch yourself into a scenario in progress without making sure you're not ruining the scenario\u201d.  These unspoken rules ultimately exist because the community doesn\u2019t enjoy having their plans, their characters, or their toys, wrecked by random factors.  These unspoken rules foster cooperation  between the players, and form a kind of a shared etiquette that is expected between players.  They add a great deal of restriction to a system that is wide open by design.My great theory then, is that the common outcry stems from this common perception.  People believe that their own work has meaning, and that there are some safeguards in place to protect this work, and these characters.  They believe that the sandbox is a place that fosters cooperation and goodwill between players.  The fact of the matter is that this vision is based on unofficial expectations.  This vision held by the players is, therefore, inaccurate.  Dangerously so, even.  A lot of what is perfectly acceptable within the rules is labeled abuse because of etiquette.  The rules themselves offer neither incentive nor punishment for cooperative play, while being readily adaptable to those who wish to antagonize, or ruin the run of others.There is a school of thought, that the system is, to some degree, self regulating.  That doing something too absurd is curbed by the community, and that the rules don\u2019t need to play a part.  And, to some extent, it is.  However, to be entirely frank, all this really means is that the community is routinely in a state of anger and distress, in response to some abusive player or methodology that is acceptable within the rules.  Being angry or distressed is an incredibly terrible state to be in, and it wears people down.  It ultimately feels like something where this isn\u2019t something the community should be responsible for, when it could easily be solved with a change of rules and administrative attitude.Ultimately, I feel that there are two acceptable outcomes.  Either the system itself needs to change to better fit with the vision of the community, and safeguards and restrictions must be put into place to actually encourage cooperation, and to protect people from those who would abuse things like forced combat.  Or, alternatively, the community needs to accept that the system is currently one where people can, and will destroy your vision, if it advances their own.  If we accept this type of option, then this common etiquette that currently exists is more or less incompatible with the system, and should really be abandoned as misleading, and detrimental to play.While we are on the topic, I feel that there are a number of ways in which the current system is readily abusable, and in my opinion, it boils down to three points.The rules regarding death avoidance.The lack of restriction on power levels creates an environment in which there are vastly differing levels of play. \u00a0For example, Naoki\u2019s character is a very peaceful character with long term political ambitions.  In a straight fight, she would be destroyed by anything more competent than the average pugilist.  Meanwhile, characters like a dragon (any dragon) would require massive, continuous effort from either another dragon, or an entire band of mages or dragonslayers in order to defeat them.  Because of this, any time we move beyond the realm of the  unaugmented human, combat becomes inherently unfair, and battles are decided more by absolute differences in power, and less by skill on behalf of the participants.  An antagonistic or abusive player can readily create a character of high power in this setting, and pick a fight with anyone they like.  If the difference is great enough, the defending party has two options.  They can escalate the power of their character.  Or they can die.  And the rules support this type of behavior, making it difficult to escalate your character\u2019s power (Characters developing new powers in order to survive a situation is generally sloppy writing, unless that powers is their power.).  And if you don\u2019t, you will be put in a death scenario, because the rules state that there can be no surviving a shot that should kill you.  There is no resurrection.  Your character is done.     2.  The rules regarding settingUntil very recently, I considered settings merely set pieces, flavor in the form of backdrops.  not something to be overthought.  But now I am told that the rules confer an absolute control over the setting to its creator.  The precedent has been pretty neatly set, in this case, already.  A party has established a magic weapon as \u201cpart of the setting\u201d, and has conferred on it qualities that entirely circumvent the usual safeguards of PvP combat.  Usually, to create a magical effect, a player must spend some amount of time preparing.  This particular device requires no time to prepare, affecting its surroundings instantly upon demand.  And, more relevantly, the rules regarding the setting confer the user absolute authority regarding responses to its attack.  If the owner of the setting says that instant death occurs, it does.  I suspect that in the very near future, a number of locations and topics will become functionally unassailable, because their settings are absolute.  I shudder to imagine what will happen with the armies attempting to invade what is termed as a \u201cgodly\u201d setting.In an environment where death is permanent, a licence to kill any player who enters a topic you have written is impossibly dangerous.       3.  The encouragement of \u201crule\u201d type abilities.My relationship with rule type abilities has always been a mixed one.  Abilities like these are ones that impose a restriction on all people equally.  For example, an ability might prevent all fire from existing in a particular area.  These types of skills are perfectly acceptable in a more DMed type of RP.  They allow the DM to restrict solutions to the problems he presents, or to bring characters of disparate power levels into line.  I have used rule type abilities extensively as a DM.  But.  This sandbox is not a DMed environment, with a few exceptions.  And, as a rule, the DMed scenarios are usually voluntary.  You choose to participate.  However, in PvP, they can readily be used as a tool to completely and absolutely sway a battle, because they always affect parties unequally.  The aforementioned rule has huge implications in a fight between a knight and a fire elemental.  The fire elemental will die as a result of the rule, while the knight is unaffected.  A similar game is played between the knight and the fire mage.  Deprived of their core abilities, these people are affected immensely by this type of ability, while the other party is entirely unaffected.  In particular, though, there is a strong difference between simply being prepared (by wearing a heat resistant suit of armor, for example), and absolutely shutting down every option the other party has. I feel that this particular abuse has not been truly exploited yet, because there hasn\u2019t been a massive push for PvP in the past, but I hold that the problem exists, and may become more pronounced as PvP rises.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Ladies and Gentlemen.  In recent times, there has been a lot of common outcry, and I would like to take this opportunity to put together a dissertation of the situation.  I believe that there is a lot of dissonance, because of a lack of shared understanding."}, "post-26029": {"user": "Warden Sherwood", "user_num": 116, "timestamp": "1456670174000", "message": "Really long post there; there is one aspect of it I'd like to weigh on, and that is the settings property thing.Now I don't post very much anymore but I very much enjoy reading the stories here and I want to play Warden again. There is a reason why I hang around and lurk this game as opposed to any other.I'm pretty sure the idea of this sandbox is just that--it's a sandbox for your medieval-fantasy creations. Those creations can be pretty much anything medieval-fantasy.So the orb they have atop that tower, it's basically a concept that was first written in one of what I might consider the original bases for this genre, Lord of the Rings. Essentially, what I see is a system that says \"if it exists in LotR, you can probably have it here.\"Then there is an additional rule stacked on top of that, which says \"but it can only be an attribute of your setting. You cannot make a character that goes around using this power.\"What this creates, essentially, is a \"my part of the sandbox, your part of the sandbox\" dealio where all of us have a sanctuary and invading each other's crap becomes costly and often times, suicidal, without extensive planning (so not to say this is impossible, just hard to do, and for a reason I might add).I fail to see where this aspect of our game is not a positive development. Not only can you do what your imagination wants you to do, you can guard it relatively successfully from other players who just want to kick down your sandcastle. And the forced existence and compatibility for anti-magic (which Sara has put her foot down on for this very reason) gives the invader a fair chance at disabling their stuff and coming at it old school. So stuff stays both fair, and mostly protected.Trying to fight someone's setting should be more difficult or impossible in some cases without the right tools, much more so than trying to fight a character. It'd be like walking into a government zone and trying to fight all their NPCs. If they say you would be totally swamped with attackers then I think in such a situation it's best not to expect that your character can win. It's the same as trying to \"fight\" the Misty whatever--how that girl climbed that tree or how Rictzin tried to \"beat\" the Misty Seas. If you could just waltz in and \"beat\" a setting like that, the game suddenly gets kind of lame as it becomes really difficult to actually DM anything. I think it's fun having to roll the dice and take risks to play in other people's settings--but at the same time, you are rewarded with an actual DMed experience through that setting that you can't always just BS or manhandle your way out of. This all comes toppling down when your intention is to just break their shit, and get upset when your single character by themselves can't tear down an establishment that probably took the author a ton of thought and preparation.If that happens to be the capital freaking city of an evil empire, what did you think was going to happen? I'd be really disappointed if one character waltzed in and disabled the whole operation because the player behind them got upset. It's like shaking the proverbial chess board. Come on now.My two cents.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Really long post there; there is "}, "post-26068": {"user": null, "user_num": null, "timestamp": "1456687548000", "message": "Your argument is interesting, but it doesn't really refute the core idea I tried to present.  But your long statement regarding combat is basically irrelevant.  The abuse of the system has no relation to combat, but rather to the ability of a player to eliminate the investment and characters of others unilaterally.  Additionally, it's not exactly combat if the owner of the setting is deciding both their own action and your response.  I hold that any character who tried jumping the wall, except Hasdrubal would have died, and there would be nothing that their player could do about it.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Your argument is interesting, but it doesn't really refute the core idea I tried to present.  But your long statement regarding combat is basically irrelevant.  The abuse of the system has no relation to combat, but rather to the ability of a player to eliminate the investment and characters of others unilaterally.  Additionally, it's not exactly combat if the owner of the setting is deciding both their own action and your response.  I hold that any character who tried jumping the wall, except Hasdrubal would have died, and there would be nothing that their player could do about it."}}