{"post-91301": {"user": "The Divine Empire of Vessia", "user_num": 1951, "timestamp": "1560648528000", "message": "St. Guilliver\u2019s Church is adjacent to the Imperial Palace, a place where past Emperors have been elected, slain and buried. It is a strange place, on the border of an honest place of piety and a degenerate hole of noble politicking. ", "link_list": [], "image_list": ["https://i.imgur.com/fCz1hzU.jpg"], "html": "St. Guilliver\u2019s Church is adjacent to the Imperial Palace, a place where past Emperors have been elected, slain and buried. It is a strange place, on the border of an honest place of piety and a degenerate hole of noble politicking. "}, "post-91302": {"user": "The Divine Empire of Vessia", "user_num": 1951, "timestamp": "1560648566000", "message": "News spread fast for some, but not so fast for the others. The Emperor\u2019s death was unexpected at this very moment, but it was expected in a general sense. He was very controversial having many enemies and allies alike. He had cores of popularity all across the Empire, but spots of hate were everywhere too. Under his reign roads were built, smithies erected and much land in the East conquered. But many innocent men died under his rule, taxes were raised for austerity measures, heroes of the people disappeared mysteriously and many ethnic minorities claimed they were repressed. Regardless of if one liked him or not, they were expected to go over to the Church he was to be buried at to pay respects. There weren\u2019t many of the common folk present, for even those who liked Emperor Alexander still had a working day. But many of the nobility who got word came, regardless of if they liked him or not. Business was business, after all!", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "<div align=\"justify\">News spread fast for some, but not so fast for the others. The Emperor\u2019s death was unexpected at this very moment, but it was expected in a general sense. He was very controversial having many enemies and allies alike. He had cores of popularity all across the Empire, but spots of hate were everywhere too. Under his reign roads were built, smithies erected and much land in the East conquered. But many innocent men died under his rule, taxes were raised for austerity measures, heroes of the people disappeared mysteriously and many ethnic minorities claimed they were repressed. <br><br/>Regardless of if one liked him or not, they were expected to go over to the Church he was to be buried at to pay respects. There weren\u2019t many of the common folk present, for even those who liked Emperor Alexander still had a working day. But many of the nobility who got word came, regardless of if they liked him or not. Business was business, after all!<br/></br></div>"}, "post-91321": {"user": "King Ottokar II", "user_num": 3437, "timestamp": "1560699072000", "message": "King Ottokar was one of the many people already showing up. He had heard of the Emperor's death quite early, having been at the East's front-lines when he died. He quickly pulled his men back from the frontier, knowing that the Eastern Crusade was all but done now. The King had conflicting feelings about the now fallen Emperor. Egyszers vaguely had their rights respected, the Kingdom maintaining its autonomy and able to pressure neighbours to respect their minorities. On the other hand taxes were raised, and many Egyszer men were sent to the grinder of Swavia to never return. The fact Otto was forced to oblige to these demands of the Emperor certainly did put a strain on his popularity with both nobles and commoners. But the past was the past and the future was what he was interested in. Already voices spoke with who would be elected the next Emperor, and as an elector and King he was troubled. No candidates were yet put forth as it was too early for that, but Ottokar was most certainly interested in speaking with major parties here. Naturally he'd put forth one of his sons as a candidate, but it was quite unlikely they'd win. So, instead he'd use his hefty vote to ttry and make any candidate accede to what he wanted as most electors would. The aging man turned his head this way and that, looking for other Electors, their representatives, or other interesting and important figures. ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "<div align=\"justify\">King Ottokar was one of the many people already showing up. He had heard of the Emperor's death quite early, having been at the East's front-lines when he died. He quickly pulled his men back from the frontier, knowing that the Eastern Crusade was all but done now. The King had conflicting feelings about the now fallen Emperor. Egyszers vaguely had their rights respected, the Kingdom maintaining its autonomy and able to pressure neighbours to respect their minorities. On the other hand taxes were raised, and many Egyszer men were sent to the grinder of Swavia to never return. The fact Otto was forced to oblige to these demands of the Emperor certainly did put a strain on his popularity with both nobles and commoners. <br/></div>"}, "post-91335": {"user": "Archduke Isenbardus", "user_num": 1965, "timestamp": "1560712631000", "message": "Archduke Isenbardus arrived on horseback, accompanied by ten of his finest riders. Dismounting in front of the church, he ordered his riders to keep watch while he ventured into the church without an escort. As usual, he carried his families staff but otherwise appeared unarmed. In some ways, it was unfortunate that the last Emperor had died so quickly but in other ways\u2026 Well, this was a fresh chance for Isenbardus to elect an Emperor far more sympathetic to his cause. The last Emperor hadn\u2019t been terrible for the House of Steitz, but he hadn\u2019t been the catalyst for much growth either. He had sided with Isenbardus a few times over minor conflicts, but that was all. Isenbardus was looking for far more than a few trifling favors out of whoever he voted for. Finding a lonely corner to stand in that had a good vantage of the proceedings, the Archduke was content to simply observe for now. It would be unbecoming of him to search out other electors as soon as he arrived. If others wished to approach him, so be it, but he generally preferred to let others make the first move. ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Archduke Isenbardus arrived on horseback, accompanied by ten of his finest riders. Dismounting in front of the church, he ordered his riders to keep watch while he ventured into the church without an escort. As usual, he carried his families staff but otherwise appeared unarmed. "}, "post-91349": {"user": "Count Elric of Bergland", "user_num": 3436, "timestamp": "1560717311000", "message": "A mounted retinue of heavily-armored swordsmen trotted into the courtyard of the Imperial Palace.  Riding atop their black steeds, the Bergland Knights sported purple barding, steel plate, and an arsenal of zweihanders for which they were famous for.  For generations they had cleaved bloody swathes through the Empire\u2019s enemy.  Indeed, some of them were present at the ambush which claimed the life of Emperor Alexander.  But those men, along with the Count of Bergland, had been slain.At the head of the column was Elric, the fallen Count\u2019s son.  By birthright, he was the Elector of Bergland and inherited his father\u2019s responsibilities.  But Elric was not a healthy man.  Though he was once strong, youthful, and full of vigor, he now suffers from a debilitating disease.  Such an affliction would entice rival lords and other enemies to take advantage of his condition, and so it is a well-kept secret known only to his family and closest advisers.Not long ago Elric was issued a challenge in a tournament, which he reluctantly accepted.  The young man was knocked from his mount with great ease, knocking him unconscious and sending him into the dirt unceremoniously.  The event earned him the humiliating moniker The Unhorsed, and has raised suspicions that he may not be as healthy as he once was...Elric was visiting the capital for three reasons.  First and foremost, to pay respects to Emperor Alexander, whom his father had served loyally and with distinction.  Second, to establish his right to rule - the other lords and ladies would need to know that Count Elric was Elector of Bergland.  Lastly, as Elector of Bergland, he had an electoral vote concerning the next Emperor.  He was undecided about who, if anyone, he supported.  Perhaps this meeting of nobles would help him decide.One of the Knights dismounted and assisted Elric off of his horse.  The journey was long and tiresome and strained the Count\u2019s health; he could feel his condition worsening, and he would need to take it easy for a short while to catch his breath.\u201cShould I come with?\u201d the Knight asked.\u201cNo.  Stable the horses and have the men get some rest,\u201d Elric told him.  But he caught the man hesitating.  \u201cDon\u2019t worry about me,\u201d he assured him, \u201cI\u2019ll be fine.\u201d  The Knight nodded and took the reins of his master\u2019s horse.Elric proceeded into St Gulliver Church, where he quickly retired to a nearby bench for some rest...", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "A mounted retinue of heavily-armored swordsmen trotted into the courtyard of the Imperial Palace.  Riding atop their black steeds, the Bergland Knights sported purple barding, steel plate, and an arsenal of zweihanders for which they were famous for.  For generations they had cleaved bloody swathes through the Empire\u2019s enemy.  Indeed, some of them were present at the ambush which claimed the life of Emperor Alexander.  But those men, along with the Count of Bergland, had been slain."}, "post-91389": {"user": "Lady Sabina", "user_num": 3462, "timestamp": "1560795904000", "message": "Sabina had only been in Augustgrad a week, but she was overwhelmed. Empress Aurelia Rexus expected much of her niece, and said so in the quiet hours of the night when the ears in the walls were sleeping. Just thinking about what the Empress had asked of her made Sabina's stomach flip, her palms clammy, and made her wonder if for these acts, she'd ever make it into Heaven.Yet, she couldn't say no to the Empress, could she? In truth, Sabina felt sorry for Aurelia. The woman put up an appearance of beauty and strength and cunning, but clearly she was more fragile than she let on. Her second born child, the son of the late Emperor Alexander, had been taken by the Rexus family, to be molded and made into someone that would never know the schemes of his mother -- or so they said. Although Aurelia had only ever spoken of how important her son was -- and her first born son as well, Sabina's cousin -- the young maiden could see that Aurelia was fiercely protective and loving over both of her children.That was why Sabina had come here, to the church. A carriage brought her there, and she stepped out with a veil over her face, a handmaiden with her as they came up the steps in their beautiful gowns and into the quiet sanctity of the church. She first saw Count Elric seated on a pew toward the 'back' of the church, away from the gilded altar full of iconoclasts and fillagree. But then she noticed the gathering of other nobles... and began to feel her stomach squirm.She slowly came to a stop. Should she go? She felt as if she'd stepped onto something important.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Sabina had only been in Augustgrad a week, but she was overwhelmed. "}, "post-91390": {"user": "Empress Aurelia Rexus", "user_num": 3466, "timestamp": "1560797471000", "message": "She hadn't known that the little bird she'd brought to court would be at the church, and honestly wasn't thinking about it. Instead, her gaze was out the window, watching the beautiful city of Augustgrad go by as she was conveyed from the palace to the cathedral. It was not a long drive, but Aurelia appreciated being alone for a moment and not having to put on an act.Since her marriage to Alexander, she'd been cautious and worried, looking over her shoulder twice as often as she had done before when she was a mere duchess. Since the death of Alexander, Aurelia had been terrified. Of course, she'd rather die than let anyone know, but a huge target was on her back for she had been openly manipulative in her bid to marry the Emperor, and he had used her for the exact same reason... to establish a dynasty.The Electors and the nobility knew it, and with Alexander's mysterious death, it must have meant that there was a target on her own back, and a target on the back of her children. Through her oldest son, Fabian, she controlled the Electoral vote for the Duchy of Renovia, and through her youngest son, Korvinn, she could make a bid to control the Electoral vote for House Rexus. That was why she was on her way to the Church -- to discuss with the other Electors who the next Emperor should be. She'd be an idiot to suggest her toddler son, but she'd have to be smart about who she would throw her favor for.Now Aurelia had to play the game even more carefully than she had before...The guards outside called a halt to the carriage, and Aurelia sat up properly, pulling her heavy veil over her face. She stepped out with grace, her gown beautiful and gilded at the edges, a crown -- small, yet a subtle reminder of who she had been and what resources she did have, even if not by law -- settled on golden hair that flowed into a loose plaits to keep it away from her face.She walked into the Cathedral and saw Lady Sabina, who instantly moved to the side. A flash of annoyance settled into Aurelia's stomach, but she kept moving forward, two Imperial guards with her until she came to stand with King Ottokar and the Archduke Isenbardus. Even though her husband was dead, all were expected to show her the respect of her station. There was no Emperor yet, and thus, no other Empress but she.As turn about, she lifted her veil so it fell over her hair and revealed her porcelain beauty. She was older than most maidens, but she wore the maturity like silk, making her features more filled and her wisdom of romance more obvious. She bowed her head to King Ottokar and Duke Isenbardus. \"Good morning your majesty, your grace.\" She kept her tone quiet and even. Although there were no tears on her face -- her marriage to Alexander had not been a love match -- there was no hint of any playfulness or amusement, either, only a somber seriousness of the situation.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "She hadn't known that the little bird she'd brought to court would be at the church, and honestly wasn't thinking about it. Instead, her gaze was out the window, watching the beautiful city of Augustgrad go by as she was conveyed from the palace to the cathedral. It was not a long drive, but Aurelia appreciated being alone for a moment and not having to put on an act."}, "post-91397": {"user": "King Ottokar II", "user_num": 3437, "timestamp": "1560804684000", "message": "Horses came, along with many men. It seemed fellows from Steitz had arrived, their elector slinking off to stand. \"Limp manhood, that one.\" He muttered, shaking his head. Ottokar had come by coach, but he brought along no guards or anything else of the sort. Whereas Ottokar was purposefully looking for others to do his business, his Southern neighbour was slinking in the proverbial shadows. The King was about to approach Isenbardus until he saw another man arrive. A harsh laugh emitted from the aged man as the Elector of Bergland came, many Knights with him. Truly, he won the competition of who was the most insecure of present electors! He'd toy with the poor fellow a bit later, but for now he'd go over to the first one to arrive. Ottokar turned to Isenbardus and strolled over to him, an intent look about him. He wasn't quite as tall as the Archduke, but he had a heavy frame with broad shoulders that age only roughened and made more imposing. \"Nasty business, the Emperor's death, eh?\" he queried, raising a curious eyebrow at his counterpart. Ottokar had regrettably not taken nearly as much of an interest as he had hoped in the dealings of his Southern border state, more or less content with them for the moment considering more urgent issues. Yet now the opinion of Steitz was as important as ever, considering just after the funeral would be the first assembly of Electors to discuss the vote of the next Emperor. The Regency Council would of course also need formation, a wholly separate ordeal of degenerate politics. \"Truly, truly vile. I had loyal men die there, in fact I wasn't very far from the site of the Emperor's death myself. My sons are good boys, ready to rule, even rule an Empire if I say so myself.\" He said, with a wink. \"But I don't think I'm done with this world, still a legacy for me to build!\" He stated quite loudly, noting the approaching Empress.\"Ah, Dowager Empress, my sincerest condolences.\" The King stated, the stresses in pronunciation as boldly spoken as written. \"Truly horrifying what was done to the late Alexander.\" He said, shaking his head. \"When his body was recovered it was... hardly recognizable. No particular surprise what with the missing, err... and, well, the gone.... Truly, truly a tragedy. How is your son taking it? The young boy must be yet too innocent to understand it was clearly treachery that lead to his Highness's demise.\" ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "<div>Horses came, along with many men. It seemed fellows from Steitz had arrived, their elector slinking off to stand. \"Limp manhood, that one.\" He muttered, shaking his head. Ottokar had come by coach, but he brought along no guards or anything else of the sort. Whereas Ottokar was purposefully looking for others to do his business, his Southern neighbour was slinking in the proverbial shadows. The King was about to approach Isenbardus until he saw another man arrive. <br/></div>"}, "post-91407": {"user": "Amia Deluth", "user_num": 3438, "timestamp": "1560811184000", "message": "The Deluth family was well known to be climbers of the social rungs. It wasn\u2019t for a lack of money that they were talked about; Marcus Deluth had one of the fattest coffers in the whole of Vessia thanks to his late father\u2019s hard work as a gem merchant, and his father before him. Marcus now hired people to vend his wares, and people to guard the wares and keep the vendors from skimming from the profits. His father bought the title, and Marcus was a baron as a result.It wasn\u2019t enough.He wanted his family to be front and center, to flaunt his beautiful daughter about until somebody above their station found some interest in the girl. Amia was a gift, a fair maiden with a charming freckled face\u2026 when most girls would stay out of the sun, he counted the freckles as an asset, for it added to the innocent look, he encouraged his daughter to be outdoors. Her red hair was like flames licking at that pale and freckled flesh, her eyes were gem like in appearance, and her frame was dainty yet sturdy to let any potential suitor know she would not likely keel over from childbirth. She was soft spoken and quite lovely, quite bright, and talented.And right at that moment, she sat in the pew next to her mother, dressed in blue when most would dress in black at his insistence, her curls caught up in gold netting, just enough baubles to attract attention without being too gauche, and the blue was only shades lighter than the somber black.It did not matter that they had come for a funeral; any time was as good as any to flaunt her and make a possible match. Marcus had one man in mind and had situated his family near enough to the Duke that had his eye: the Archduke. The patriarch of the Deluth clan smoothly moved toward Isenbardus, bowed when necessary, and settled his portly frame near to the man.\u201cShame about his Highness,\u201d he murmured, \u201cJust as I was about to hand over a sizable sum for his household.\u201d ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "The Deluth family was well known to be climbers of the social rungs. It wasn\u2019t for a lack of money that they were talked about; Marcus Deluth had one of the fattest coffers in the whole of Vessia thanks to his late father\u2019s hard work as a gem merchant, and his father before him. Marcus now hired people to vend his wares, and people to guard the wares and keep the vendors from skimming from the profits. His father bought the title, and Marcus was a baron as a result."}, "post-91430": {"user": "Archduke Isenbardus", "user_num": 1965, "timestamp": "1560842510000", "message": "Attention turning to King Ottokar as he approached, Isenbardus regarded him with a slight smirk. As it always was with the Archduke, there was something a bit strange about his pale almost too perfect facial features. In some ways, they shared more in common with a marble statue than a living breathing person. \u201cTruly a tragedy that our young Emperor would have his reign cut so short,\u201d Isenbardus said while shaking his head in disappointment. While he considered Ottokar a brute, he didn\u2019t consider the man a fool. Perhaps a bit predictable and bullish, but one didn\u2019t rise to such a position and keep it unless they had something going for them. One of Ottokar\u2019s advantages over many of the other Electors was his age and more importantly the experience that came with it. Fortunately for Isenbardus, that particular area was his specialty. \u201cEmpress Aurelia, while I am quite glad to see you it pains me given the circumstances. I can hardly imagine what you and your family must be going through.\u201d The Archduke said in a calm, almost gentle voice as he offered Aurelia a sympathetic look. His sympathies weren\u2019t for the Emperor\u2019s death so much as the ordeal Aurelia would have to deal with, assuming she managed to live through it that is. Ottokar\u2019s words to the Empress only reinforced Isenbardus\u2019s opinion of the man. Unsubtle attacks against the Emperor\u2019s widow, the man was clearly a warrior and not a politician. His musings of the King were rather suddenly interrupted by the approaching duke. \u201cIndeed, a terrible tragedy. You must be\u2026 Duke Marcus from the Deluth family? I don\u2019t think we\u2019ve been properly introduced before, but I\u2019ve heard rumors about your rapidly rising influence.\u201dIf there was one thing the Archduke did, it was memorizing and studying all the other nobility in Vessia. Even the smaller lesser known houses. It came in handy for situations such as this. He made no comment on the \u201csizable sum\u201d the Duke had mentioned, deciding it best to let the Duke go on about it of his own accord. ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Attention turning to King Ottokar as he approached, Isenbardus regarded him with a slight smirk. As it always was with the Archduke, there was something a bit strange about his pale almost too perfect facial features. In some ways, they shared more in common with a marble statue than a living breathing person. "}, "post-91434": {"user": "Empress Aurelia Rexus", "user_num": 3466, "timestamp": "1560854169000", "message": "Dowager Empress, he called her, and then proceeded to remark on the horrific and brutal way the Emperor had died. Was he trying to get under her skin and watch her squirm? Undoubtedly. King Ottokar wasn't the first maggot of the court that thought she and her marriage was a corpse to devour.\"Dowager would imply there is another Empress, but as there is not yet another Emperor, I am the Empress of Vessia. If it pains you to address me as such, you may call me Imperial Highness as well,\" she said, her silvery blue gaze fixed coldly on Ottokar as she reminded him of her place and his. She had worked for too long and too hard to better her life and that of her Children's in order to be further diminished in the face of the tragedy she had just endured; and would still endure. \"I hold myself with great responsibility to this country that was left with a hole in it's heart at the death of my husband. Thank you for recounting the horror of his murder, I think it helps to remind all of the Electors present that the position of Emperor should not be a decision to be taken lightly, or given to just anyone.\"Her thick lashes lifted then, to regard Archduke Isenbardus. Once upon a time, might she have married him? Perhaps she should have. She was fairly sure that she was only used goods when it came to the marriage market -- after all, she had four children given to a Duke and an Emperor and while she was certainly not old, she was in a precarious position with the court and both of the families she was connected to. He would need someone young and fresh, and she needed allies, not more husbands to bury.Isenbardus' remarks were given a warmer reaction. \"Thank you,\" she said simply to him, taking in his face for a moment before she looked away and watched Duke Marcus approach.The man said nothing to the Empress, the highest ranking person in attendance and recent widow, but instead moved right on to his purpose for being there -- the Archduke. Aurelia did not make a scene, but instead looked to the wares Marcus was no doubt trying to sell to Isenbardus... And saw the red-haired maiden sitting with her mother in one of the pews. Young and fresh, indeed.It made Aurelia's gaze travel to Sabina, her niece, lovely and wide-eyed and a pawn she planned to use.The Empress and Grand Duchess turned her attention back onto King Ottokar. \"Your son's must have seen truly terrifying sights on the crusade with my husband,\" Aurelia said to him, her voice softer and kinder, even while she wondered if one of Ottokar's bastards had sunk a dagger into Alexander's back. \"Are they alright?\" Her question seemed genuine.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "<i>Dowager</i>"}, "post-91440": {"user": "Lady Sabina", "user_num": 3462, "timestamp": "1560860820000", "message": "The young brunette lady and her handmaiden stepped off to the side as more important people arrived. Sabina had caught the look from the cool, blonde-haired Empress, and it made her heart squeeze in her chest.No, very clearly she should not have been at the cathedral, and it would probably be best if they left...... Yet, if they left now, Sabina may unintentionally cause a scene. Sabina was stuck there, for the moment, so she and her handmaiden stepped off to the side and subtly watched the gathering of Electors and the people that sat in the pews.The Church was always open to the people, so there was the very quiet, faintly echoing din of people in prayer or quiet conversations between priests and nuns. Lucia, Sabina's handmaiden, leaned toward her lady.\"How gauche are the Beluth family? They had their daughter arrive in blue, and the Emperor's body isn't even cold yet.\" Lucia tutted.Sabina's very-green eyes swept toward Amia Beluth  and Sabina felt pity for her. How awful it must be to be paraded like a prize. The newly christened Duke Marcus was being awfully conspicuous in his bid to up his station, but Sabina was in no position to judge. Rumor had it that the Empress was once a milkmaid after all.\"And that poor Count... Likely he can't even walk to join the Electors, let alone sit a horse.\" Lucia giggled, and Sabina did join her once. The story of how Elric fell at a joust was an amusing one, although Sabina thought he seemed kind.A priest gave a baleful look their way, and both Sabina and Lucia wiped the smiles from their faces. They turned into an alcove where Saint Desdemona looked down disapprovingly from where she was immortalized in marble. Going to their knees on the velvet cushions provided, Sabina and Lucia made a pretense of praying, although Sabina couldn't remember what Saint Desdemona was a patron of.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "The young brunette lady and her handmaiden stepped off to the side as more important people arrived. Sabina had caught the look from the cool, blonde-haired Empress, and it made her heart squeeze in her chest."}, "post-91451": {"user": "King Ottokar II", "user_num": 3437, "timestamp": "1560872580000", "message": "Ottokar kept his gaze on the Archduke, an impartial expression on him as he considered the fellow. There was something about Isenbardus that wasn't exactly endearing, but... well something that the King thought he understood about the man. Isenbardus was clever beyond his years and while there could be in theory some benefit for the King going after the fellow he felt it unwise to try and provoke the man. For now, that is. Anyways, there was something more pressing to occupy his attention!The Duchess's response all but brought a smile to the aged King, but while he lacked Aurelia's born talent of being a little serpent in a dress he made up for that with experience. A forehead's wrinkles creased, and the King's white bushy eyebrows curled as the man put on a face of elderly confusion, an apologetic tone in his voice. \"Oh, my sincerest apologies my Empress, I am but a humble servant. In my language we say Cs\u00e1sz\u00e1rn\u00e9z\u0151 for a Dowager Empress.\" Otto stated, over-pronouncing the word already nigh-impossible to say for a non native-speaker of the Egyszer tongue. \"It is used for the widows of an Emperor regardless of which Emperor or if one is currently on the Throne. Please, do not take offence!\" He pleaded, giving a go at flipping the appearance of the situation; an entitled woman was berating an aged man over her title that was - all in all - ceremonial.Yet another arrival came to the situation, to which Ottokar raised his previously mollifying eyebrows in curiosity. Now for all his expertise, Otto couldn't help but laugh with his shoulders heaving all bear-like at the Deluths. Some people - like the Duchess - at least had the decency to pretend to be mourning. But this Marcus fellow? He went striding in letting his daughter's pretty little arse swing about with the hopes of getting some bastard married to her. The bold mercantile display was... well, it was amusing but also oddly respectably to the King. But he honestly didn't have much to say to the fellow. He honestly wanted his sons married, but they weren't here and the Deluths were too distant if he remembered correctly for him to benefit from a marriage. Still, he made sure to keep the man in a mental note. A man willing to whore his daughter out at a funeral was a man that wouldn't mind marrying his daughter to some boys that... well, weren't exactly the kind of boys he'd want to marry his daughters. With his short amusement done he returned his attention back to Aurelia, shaking his head with fresh thoughts of his sons. Her apparent genuine concern did momentarily make the man remorseful about what he said to the Cs\u00e1sz\u00e1rn\u00e9z\u0151 and elicited a legitimate response. \"My sons they... they enjoyed the business. I had them all too close together, didn't know to raise them right. Two of my boys and one of my daughters quite enjoyed the bloodshed and killing, yes....\" He didn't particularly want to elaborate on the fact another one of his sons didn't enjoy bloodshed but rather just came to like hurting things and the other son and daughter locked themselves in the castle to distance themselves from their siblings. But as he spoke he realized he most likely made a mistake by trusting the Duchess to have even a fragment of goodwill in her soul. But he decided to give her the benefit of the doubt and went down a line of inquiry that he would give to both an honest Aurelia, and Aurelia as he saw her. \"How is the young boy Korvinn taking it? Good name, that, Swavische Vessian. The Rexus clan most likely helped old Alexei pick that name out. Odd family, that.\" said Otto, using the Egyszer familiar form of the name Alexander. The man struck a match on the back of the Marcus fellow hoping he wouldn't notice \u2014 but not particularly minding if he did either.He brought the naked flame up to a pipe that was well engraved but lacking any other decoration to prevent being ostentatious. A long puff was taken, before being let out through the King's nostrils. \"I don't know how well the poor fellow acquainted you to his family but they're not the sort one wants to or... well, one can cross. I recommend you treasure your next few days with your own young lad, Duchess.\" the King advised, again 'accidentally' using the incorrect title to address Aurelia\u00a0", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "<div align=\"justify\">Ottokar kept his gaze on the Archduke, an impartial expression on him as he considered the fellow. There was something about Isenbardus that wasn't exactly endearing, but... well something that the King thought he understood about the man. Isenbardus was clever beyond his years and while there could be in theory some benefit for the King going after the fellow he felt it unwise to try and provoke the man. <br/></div>"}, "post-91475": {"user": "Amia Deluth", "user_num": 3438, "timestamp": "1560899054000", "message": "Amia was quite uncomfortable of the entire situation, aware of the boldly calculating her father tended to be. He truly didn\u2019t care about who was on the throne and he certainly wasn\u2019t one to talk to a woman like she mattered. Of course, she watched him bow and scrape, even overheard his distant talk of what to do with her. Her cheeks went red.He certainly wasn\u2019t painting her in a pretty light, she thought, even as he wasn\u2019t putting her down either. And she was the obedient daughter. But at that moment, she was angry at him for his disrespect, and she simply couldn\u2019t sit by while he embarrassed himself and her mother. Amia stood, her mother tried to grab her arm and pull her back to her ass on the pew, but the redhead pulled her hand away and calmly moved toward the group of people at the front. She was about to lie to her father.Before she would address him, however, she gave a deep and respectful curtsey to the Empress, \u201cYou\u2019re Imperial Majesty, I am so very sorry for your loss as well as that of the country of Vessia.\u201d She could feet the heat of anger in her father\u2019s gaze against her back. The girl had such a sweet voice, a bit shy and quiet as she addressed her better. Once she gave the appropriate amount of time for a brief response, she gave another curtsy and then turned to her father, \u201cFather, I am sorry to disturb you, but you look like you are about to burst into tears and mother grew concerned. Please come sit down.\u201d She glanced over to the others and then looked down, her cheeks red from her father\u2019s ill manners.Marcus looked at his daughter and curled his lip in contempt, \u201cReturn to your mother immediately, Amia. This is no place for you.\u201d He curled his fingers into a fist like he would have struck her if he wasn\u2019t in front of so many people, and that simply wouldn\u2019t do. He pasted a \u201csad\u201d smile on his face then and said toward the empress, \u201cI too am sorry for your loss.\u201d He lied through his teeth. He did not like women with power.He grabbed his child by the upper arm, none too gently, and started to haul her away. She gave an apologetic look for his behavior even as she cringed when his fingers seemed to go vice-like on her arm. He all but tossed the girl back to her mother, and her mother started to chastise her. She did not listen. Her head bent forward and she looked like she wanted to be somewhere else. \u201cPray, forgive my daughter. She and her mother always get overly concerned,\u201d he lied some more. \u201cShe is a good girl,\u201d that at least wasn\u2019t a lie, though the \u201cexcept for right now,\u201d that was left unspoken was left hanging in the air. ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Amia was quite uncomfortable of the entire situation, aware of the boldly calculating her father tended to be. He truly didn\u2019t care about who was on the throne and he certainly wasn\u2019t one to talk to a woman like she mattered. Of course, she watched him bow and scrape, even overheard his distant talk of what to do with her. Her cheeks went red."}, "post-91483": {"user": "Archduke Isenbardus", "user_num": 1965, "timestamp": "1560923606000", "message": " There was much the Archduke would like to speak to both Aurelia and Ottokar about, but unfortunately, none of it was appropriate in a public setting such as this. Aurelia\u2019s retort to King Ottokar\u2019s abrasive introduction brought a smile to the Archduke\u2019s face. He found it hard to keep a straight face at the King\u2019s subsequent \u201capology\u201d. The man was clearly putting on such a poor performance intentionally but that didn\u2019t make it any less painful to witness.While he was making sure to listen to every word of the pair\u2019s conversation, outwardly the Archduke\u2019s attention was aimed at Duke Marcus. That was\u2014until Amia approached. While not perhaps what all would consider a textbook example of Vessian beauty, her red, almost fiery hair made her stand out from the other ladies present. It appeared she also had a bit of fight in her. Seeing a son or daughter oppose their parents at meetings such as this wasn\u2019t unheard of, but the type to do so were usually brats. Loud, obnoxious, and entirely dull. This girl didn\u2019t fit into that category yet still had defied her father. The poor thing was probably ashamed by her father's utter lack of tact. \u201cThere\u2019s nothing to apologize for Duke Marcus. You\u2019re lucky to have such a thoughtful daughter looking out for your well being. It\u2019s rare I see a woman so young willing to take the initiative.\u201d Pausing a second, the Archduke\u2019s gaze followed after Amia as she walked back to her mother. \u201cI find it to be a rather underappreciated trait.\u201d Adjusting his fur cloak, the Archduke considered the reason for the Duke\u2019s approach. Unless he was simply trying to rub shoulders with Electors, there was only one sensible reason he\u2019d approach him\u2026 Given his age, Isenbardus was not surprised by the bombardment of marriage proposals thrown his way. While not the wealthiest or mightiest house, the Steitz name had something few other houses had\u2014longevity. There were few other houses that could hold a candle to the Steitz family tree.\u201cSo, tell me Duke Marcus, is Amia your only child?\u201d While the question was said nonchalantly, there were more than a few implications behind it.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": " There was much the Archduke would like to speak to both Aurelia and Ottokar about, but unfortunately, none of it was appropriate in a public setting such as this. Aurelia\u2019s retort to King Ottokar\u2019s abrasive introduction brought a smile to the Archduke\u2019s face. He found it hard to keep a straight face at the King\u2019s subsequent \u201capology\u201d. The man was clearly putting on such a poor performance intentionally but that didn\u2019t make it any less painful to witness."}, "post-91489": {"user": "Empress Aurelia Rexus", "user_num": 3466, "timestamp": "1560949071000", "message": "King Ottokar seemed determined to insult her, and in front of others. He bumbled his way through an explanation, still calling her a Dowager when she wasn't and using some ridiculous word that may or may not have actually meant 'empress.' He went on to speak about how his children not only enjoyed blood she'd, but gloried in it. Even Alexander at his most ruthless ever saw war as a means to an end, not an act to exalt.Aurelia might have continued to still attempt a conversation with the King, when he then made open comments about her son, Prince Korvinn, and their dangerous circumstances. Her silver-grey eyes went very... Very... Cold, especially when he called her duchess, just to add a little more salt into the wounds he was trying to rip open.\"Thank you for your concern, my Lord,\" she said to him, undercutting his title as king. \"Your skills at raising children are admired throughout the Empire, and your advice is...\" Useless? Unasked for? Redundant? \"...appreciated.\"The Empress of Vessia simply turned her head away from King Ottokar, followed by her body, shutting him out of further conversation as Lady Amia approached. The coldness in Aurelia's eyes faded, and although a soft, welcoming smile turned her lips, her gaze was mercantile. She serenely nodded her head. \"Thank you,\" she said to the girl, then turned to regard Duke Marcus. The coldness returned, and all she did was send a look up and down his body, conveying that although he wore the finery, she saw dirt on him anyway.The Empress turned to the Electors present. \"The Church is busy this morning. We'll convene an Electors Council in the War Room of the Palace tomorrow, over dinner. I'll make the arrangements.\" She then turned and made her exit, guards falling into place behind her and her veil falling back over her face.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "<b>King Ottokar</b>"}, "post-91496": {"user": "King Ottokar II", "user_num": 3437, "timestamp": "1560973875000", "message": "Otto puffed on his pipe a few more times, witnessing the Archduke's reaction to the situation and his shifting focus and doing the same for Aurelia. He didn't really bother suppressing a laugh at Aurelia trying to spite him with the title \"Lord\", if she thought she riled him then she didn't know the man nearly well enough. \"I am not a malicious man m'lady. I really don't think you should have power you for the moment have in theory but even in the most serpentine women it is regrettable to have their children stripped away from them, and much worse for a flower of the Empire as yourself.\" The King said, shaking his head as he let the smoke in his mouth go this way and that. \"As I said, I am not aware of how well acquainted you are with the late Alexei's family but I think I can at least say they shan't go for other fruit of your union. Or so a particular man heard ere-yesterday. For whatever animosity we may have I recommend you heed my advice and treasure your next few days with your son. I can organize the first session instead of you, if you desire... and of course if you trust me to not poison you and all the other guests and somehow make the whole business a power-play, of course.\" He'd say this regardless of if she stayed to listen or not, making sure people heard the oh so generous offer of the King.With that said he looked down to his match which was burning to the bottom. After a thought he gave it a flick on the ground and ground it into black dust. He had noticed some ladies looking at Elric, ladies he had seen bobbing around before at some ball but never bothered to learn the name of beyond \"giggling girl\". Well they had reminded him of Elric and for that he certainly thanked them. He walked over to the fellow's pew, mulling over what exactly he'd do. He couldn't just plainly insult the man, he wouldn't want to earn the ire of some older more etiquette oriented members of the court. There were some rich old men and women who would not take to that. But he needed to give the young bugger something to think about, something to make his trouser smell. So as he approached he swung an arm with the hope of inciting a cowardly flinch, even though the motion was only to give the man a slap on the shoulder. With that done Ottokar took his seat right beside Elric, looking down on the ground.\u00a0 \"I'm sorry for your loss lad. Your father was a man with a legacy it is very difficult to live up to, one very difficult to match. I'm sure you have the strength, however.\" The King said, not a hint of irony in his voice.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "<div><font face=\"arial\">Otto puffed on his pipe a few more times, witnessing the Archduke's reaction to the situation and his shifting focus and doing the same for Aurelia. He didn't really bother suppressing a laugh at Aurelia trying to spite him with the title \"Lord\", if she thought she riled him then she didn't know the man nearly well enough. <br/></font></div>"}, "post-91515": {"user": "Empress Aurelia Rexus", "user_num": 3466, "timestamp": "1561034714000", "message": "She was made to stop her exit when King Ottokar spoke up and almost over her. Aurelia could feel herself getting defensive, and every word he spoke seemed insulting...... But she made herself re-evaluate the conversation, and the man speaking. She knew of Ottokar's reputation, and he was too bold and plain spoken by half.It also, perhaps, meant that he wasn't a manipulator, at least not in the ways that most at court were. She forced her coldness to ease, even while she still felt like he must have thought her a true idiot to have not considered the threat of House Rexus herself. ... Or the fact that she'd been married to the Emperor for three years, acquainting herself with his machinations and dreams while Ottokar had been hundreds of miles away.\"Thank you, but I will handle the arrangements of this next meeting. It's plausible we will not come to a conclusion, but rather engage in meaningful discussion and consideration, so I will make you in charge of our next council thereafter. If you'll excuse me.\" She wasn't asking for permission as the Empress finally did glide out of the Church with queenly grace, an island unto herself.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "She was made to stop her exit when "}, "post-91541": {"user": "Johann IV of Bayern", "user_num": 3483, "timestamp": "1561086813000", "message": "\"AND WHY DID YOU LET YOUR LORD SLEEP IN? SO HE COULD SHOW UP LATE AND MAKE AN ASS OF HIMSELF?\"\"M-my Lord, I-I'm sorr-\"\"YOU ALREADY SAID THAT A HUNDRED TIMES! IT DOESN'T FIX THAT YOU SCREWED ME!\"Still down the lane from the chapel, the roaring \"discussion\" announced the imminent arrival of yet another welcome, or unwelcome to probably most those present, Lord. As they turned into a view, a small retinue of about a half dozen appeared on spotted horses, most wearing light armor festooned with bright fabrics and feathers. Save the rider in front, who was only richly dressed in several layers of billowing, rich fabrics of gauche colors, and was mounted on a large sorrel stallion, standing several hands higher than the other horses. Which was probably for the best, considering the load it was carrying. \"You lot see to the horses, and I swear if you arrive a moment late again, I'll string you up by your testicles,\" growled the leader as he turned to face the rest of his party, and though his tone was lower it was perhaps even more threatening than his roar.The others of his party turned their heads as he dismounted, well versed in the groans and grunts as the rather heavy man swung himself from the high cantled saddle. It was for the best, because otherwise if he saw them staring, there would probably be a week of cleaning the latrines when they returned home. Pride could do awful things to the innocents who surrounded its keeper. Finally he reached the ground, and handed off the reins to the rapidly departing horsemen. \"Lousy buggers,\" he growled as he turned towards the chapel. He took a deep breath, trying to calm his nerves as his chaplain often begged and pleaded him to do. Well he couldn't help that he was hot tempered, especially since it seemed that everyone around him was incompetent or drunk or a mixture of the two. Which probably was because he seemed to be that most the time and attracted that type.But there was no time for that now, as he stepped through the door into the chapel. He straightened his coat to reveal the full rearing boar on its lapel, as well as the moon on the opposite. It used to grate on him, having the descending moon be forever associated with him as the younger son, but now he had made some peace with it. For the moon ultimately replaced the sun when it had set. And he was fresh from a personal funeral himself. And luckily by himself, and not with those Sons of the Ram. They were nothing but kids. Speaking of them, he had managed to jostle his way past the line of well wishers, joining what he considered was his rightful spot alongside the Electors. Nevermind that those kids were standing in the way of him joining them in title as well, he could at least be physically present and representing his home that way as he took the seat on the pew settled for the Duchy of Bayern. Which turned out to be rather uncomfortable, telling him this pew was made for a... fitter man.He waved over an usher, and growled sharply, \"Wine, and a pillow.\" ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "\"AND WHY DID YOU LET YOUR LORD SLEEP IN? SO HE COULD SHOW UP LATE AND MAKE AN ASS OF HIMSELF?\""}, "post-91543": {"user": "Amia Deluth", "user_num": 3438, "timestamp": "1561089780000", "message": "Amia did give a brief smile to the empress before her father turned and went on his little hissy fit at her presence.\u201cShe is a good girl,\u201d he said, at least able to be honest about that even if he was angry that the chit had involved herself in things that were not of her affair. He looked nonplussed as the Empress had given him a cold, stink eye, and now he could feel that same chill radiating from the gaze of his daughter\u2019s ice blue eyes. He\u2019d curled his upper lip ever so slightly at all these females and their attitudes. He could not punish the Her Imperial Highness, but he would most certainly have a lash taken to Amia\u2019s bottom for that insolent display unless he could turn it around for his own good.When asked if she was his only daughter, he nodded. \u201cShe had an older brother but he died doing service to Vessia.\u201d He looked at her with a smirk and she tightened her lips. \u201cShe rarely ever disobeys her mother or me, not like I have seen some hoydenish girls in the past. I suppose if a man saw the size of her dowry and inheritance, they might even overlook the few flaws she has.\u201dThe girl in question looked like she wanted to sink beyond the pew and into the floor at all of the odd things being talked about at a funeral. She was about to try and get out while she could, but the moment her muscles tensed to get her to her feet, she could feel her mother\u2019s fingers digging into her skin.\u201cMother, this is undignified,\u201d she hissed in a whisper.\u201cYou mustn\u2019t disobey your father, child, or he\u2019ll be looking for the nastiest old man to marry you to. He said so to you this morning, did he not? It is your duty to pretend he is right eve if he is wrong.\u201d ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Amia did give a brief smile to the empress before her father turned and went on his little hissy fit at her presence."}, "post-91582": {"user": "Helmut van der Minnenstein", "user_num": 1938, "timestamp": "1561157663000", "message": "It wasn't all nobility that came to the funeral, at least not nobility of the traditional sort. Helmuth was one of such non-traditional nobility and his entry to the scene signified this oh so powerfully. Each step had his boots click with the ground, accompanied by the jingle of spurs while heavy leather made a thuck with stone underfoot. But this menacing noise would be all but imperceptible to those that did no directly see the man, a fairly difficult task in itself.In spite of his grand height augmented further by his tall hat, Helmuth moved through the Church as a spectre, people avoiding him if they saw him while navigating through most of those that didn't unnoticed. He shoved aside a pair of young noble girls who were about to screech indignantly at the treatment, until they noticed the hat and dress of the man. Helmuth was quietly satisfied that - as usual - he prompted them to skitter off holding up their dragging black dresses to flee faster from him.\u00a0He stopped, and from an aerial view one would be able to see almost a perfect empty circle around the man with even Guards and Clergy avoiding him. Milky eyes scanned the environs, until settling upon his point of interest.\u00a0Again he drifted almost incorporeal, hastily nearing the claimant to Bayern's Throne in spite of his legs seeming to move in a slow and graceful walk. \"Lord Johann.\" came the acknowledgment of the man's existence.\u00a0\"Ever grievant of your beloved Emperor's death, I see.\" It was sarcasm, clear from context but not immediately discernible from intonation.\u00a0\"If it wouldn't be too troublesome, I need to petition you for some time as a representative of the Office of Witch-Hunters. It is fairly urgent.\" of course the words came out like there was a choice, but from Helmuth's perspective there was only the illusion of one. Though Helmuth was a fairly high Witch Hunter he couldn't just flatly go for an Elector out of spite. But he could always go for the people dear to him\u2026. The Hunter lunged to take a pillow and bottle of wine from a confused servant, clutching them tight as he awaited an answer. They were vaguely a carrot to the stick of moments ago, although with the reputation of Witch Hunters it was the sort of carrot you dropped to poison a neighbour's well.\u00a0", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "It wasn't all nobility that came to the funeral, at least not nobility of the traditional sort. Helmuth was one of such non-traditional nobility and his entry to the scene signified this oh so powerfully. Each step had his boots click with the ground, accompanied by the jingle of spurs while heavy leather made a "}, "post-91587": {"user": "Johann IV of Bayern", "user_num": 3483, "timestamp": "1561160368000", "message": "\"Peasants, nothing but peasants here to lick the boots of their betters,\" he muttered to no one in particular, though that seemed to not bother him in the slightest. In fact, he preferred that they knew who he was or at the very least knew he was no one to trifle with. Which was perhaps why a growl erupted from the back of his throat when he was greeted by a lanky, over bearing, and overly pretentious Witch Hunter coming to ask him for an audience. And being an ass in the mean time, \"All those great and small weep for the passing of such a man, even if they know it not yet,\" he fenced back, not knowing who could be over hearing the pair.He was no great lover of the late Emperor, far from it to be quite honest, but he had read the texts of beloved boy lords being taken before their time and the wondrous deeds that could be ascribed to them if only they had lived longer. Never mind that if they had managed to achieve half the things they would do more than a dozen Emperors. But those fools in monasteries and guilds would keep pumping out the tripe, and those fools who read it would gobble it up.He stood up as the Witch Hunter nabbed the pillow and wine, and gestured towards the seat next to him, still growling, \"I'm sure we could steal a few moments of each other's times before whoever this belongs to returns, if it is truly as urgent as you claim.\" Which he certainly did not believe, but he would humor him if only to avoid the chance of an arrow finding its way into his back, or a few drops of arsenic added to his goblet. ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "\"Peasants, nothing but peasants here to lick the boots of their betters,\" he muttered to no one in particular, though that seemed to not bother him in the slightest. In fact, he preferred that they knew who he was or at the very least knew he was no one to trifle with. "}, "post-91596": {"user": "Archduke Isenbardus", "user_num": 1965, "timestamp": "1561182980000", "message": "In his peripheral vision, the Archduke took note of a few more additional arrivals. That witch hunter had decided to attend it seemed. He\u2019d have to keep an eye on him, it would be unwise to lower his guard with that dog sniffing around. At least his attention was drawn to another. \u201cMmm, my condolences to you then on the loss of your son. It must have been especially hard when you have no other sons to become your heir.\u201dWhile his neutral expression and relaxed posture didn\u2019t give it away, the gears in Isenbardus\u2019 mind had begun to turn. It had been his intention to marry into both wealth and power, but finding a suitable candidate had proved harder than expected. While the Deluth\u2019s didn\u2019t have much in the way of power and prestige, their wealth was immense and even more importantly accessible. Many of the wealthy nobles had their money tied up in developing their land, but the Deluth\u2019s money was primarily in their business.They were also a new, almost unknown family given their extremely recent rise in station. This meant they had far fewer connections than most families and far fewer nobles who knew them well. The Archduke\u2019s abilities were usually kept in check by the public eye, but if the public eye wasn\u2019t on someone\u2026She rarely ever disobeys her mother or me, not like I have seen some hoydenish girls in the past. I suppose if a man saw the size of her dowry and inheritance, they might even overlook the few flaws she has.\u201cEveryone has flaws, life would be a bit boring if everyone were perfect angels. Still, some flaws are far more fatal than others.\u201dAmia might feel the Archduke\u2019s gaze rest on her for a moment, the man's cold blue eyes appraising her for several moments. Slowly turning back to her father, the Archduke lowered his voice so it was barely above a whisper.\u201cI\u2019m feeling the need for a bit of fresh air, it gets far too stuffy in here for my liking. However, I wouldn\u2019t be opposed to a bit of company\u2014if your daughter is willing. I\u2019ll be outside if she is.\u201dLeaving his offer for the baron to chew on, the Archduke\u2019s cloak billowed out behind him as he made his way out of the church and headed to the graveyard that surrounded it. ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "In his peripheral vision, the Archduke took note of a few more additional arrivals. "}, "post-91613": {"user": "Amia Deluth", "user_num": 3438, "timestamp": "1561249471000", "message": "Amia watched the interaction between her father and those who were in more standing to him. He would eventually come back and say, \"You have someone interested in meeting you. Come with me,\" his grip on his daughters arm wasn't bruising, but it was still firm as the man hauled her from the pew with her mother following. \"No, you sit here. I'll be right back.\" He wanted to whistle with triumph that Amia was even noticed by others.Marcus had her outside in no time, and Amia found herself staring at the handsome face of the Archduke. \"Your grace, this is the Lady Amia Deluth. She's agreed to come see you. Now if you will excuse me, I will be collecting my wife and that should give you two time to chat a little.\" Before Amia could say anything in protest, her father was gone. She turned after a long moment of silence and then dipped into her curtsy with grace.\"My... father said you wished for company, your grace?\" she asked softly, raising to her full height. Her eyes lifted to his face, timid eyes almost. She straightened out her hands and smoothed them nervously over her skirt and took in a deep breath. She was angry inwardly, her father had been such a cad and it bothered her to no end. Amia would apologize for his undignified behavior in the church if it was necessary, but that depended on what the man said to her.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Amia watched the interaction between her father and those who were in more standing to him. He would eventually come back and say, \"You have someone interested in meeting you. Come with me,\" his grip on his daughters arm wasn't bruising, but it was still firm as the man hauled her from the pew with her mother following. \"No, you sit here. I'll be right back.\" He wanted to whistle with triumph that Amia was even noticed by others."}, "post-91616": {"user": "Helmut van der Minnenstein", "user_num": 1938, "timestamp": "1561256527000", "message": "Mmmm.\" concurred Helmut, letting Johann amuse himself with his own ramblings. Session with electors always bothered him, because the threat always had to be implicit and not even directed at them. It was thus so much easier for them to dismiss their words, even if such an action would be ultimately unwise. Once an appropriate amount of time wasting was completed, the burly man at last came to the desired topic. Nodding in affirmation, Helmut began his piece. \"My sincerest gratitude your Highness, I am so relieved you could fit on a moment for me in your oh so filled schedule. In the Office, we are aware of the little dynastic squabble you have ongoing. When all three parties are considered it the sum total of favour and discontent is for all of you zero. Though of course the office has internal disagreements, the view on all three of the Bayern lines and your land as a whole is neutral.\"Though what he stated was only tangentially related, it helped Helmut get to the meat of the matter. \"Thus came the Emperor's death. The death of an Emperor always causes much conflict and in times of conflict\u2026 unsavoury parties come to rise, parties that we Hunters seek out. As a whole, we root them out readily but only with much effort. But I am a man with foresight and so I made sure to look at the calendar and looking at it I frowned. Your land has a festivity upcoming. Not too soon, of course, but soon enough to annoy me. You see a time of men drinking ale in obnoxious quantities we can deal with, and the chaos ensuing from the death of an Emperor we can deal with, but two of such events at once\u2026 well, in such times the vices of men will be preyed upon by all sorts of foes of the Empire. I don't suppose it would be too much to ask to cancel the event?\" he stated, knowing full well the answer would be most likely a polite variation on \"piss off.\" ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Mmmm.\" concurred Helmut, letting Johann amuse himself with his own ramblings. Session with electors always bothered him, because the threat always had to be implicit and not even directed at them. It was thus so much easier for them to dismiss their words, even if such an action would be ultimately unwise. "}, "post-91630": {"user": "Johann IV of Bayern", "user_num": 3483, "timestamp": "1561320351000", "message": "To accuse Johann of having patience was a slight he never experienced, for very good reasons. He hated prancing about issues, dawdling with questions of who this would offend or what would be upset. It was his job to act decisively, the mission of his councilors and diplomats to pick up the pieces of whatever was shattered in his prodigious wake. So a glare of immense displeasure was plastered on his face as the overly presumptuous Witch Hunter began to regale him with tales of the opinions of so many little men with noses too big to keep in their own business. And not even good opinions, ones that would favor him above his sniveling nosed nephews or stating that the gold mines of the Duchy of Bayern was filling pockets of many fine... that was overstating it... not so fine members of their bureaucracy. And the glare turned rapidly into a reddening glower as he dared question a time honored tradition, nay, a personal favorite of his festivities. A snarl erupted from him, bordering on near a shout, \"You dare ask me to cancel Oktoberfest? I don't suppose you almighty Hunters thought about the implications of such a thing? Loss of revenues for taverns and shopkeepers all along the roads to Bayern, because visitors won't be traveling. Loss of tax revenue for the Empire, because of the excise taxes on festival stalls. And unrest in the Duchy because we are trampling on many of the peasants, burghers, lords, and my favorite past times; getting hammered.\"Blood red in the face, steam practically erupting from his ears, he gave his answer, \"The day Oktoberfest will be cancelled will be the day I'm rotting on the battlefield.\"", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "To accuse Johann of having patience was a slight he never experienced, for very good reasons. He hated prancing about issues, dawdling with questions of who this would offend or what would be upset. It was his job to act decisively, the mission of his councilors and diplomats to pick up the pieces of whatever was shattered in his prodigious wake. "}, "post-91637": {"user": "Helmut van der Minnenstein", "user_num": 1938, "timestamp": "1561348921000", "message": "The Witch Hunter sighed, thinking of other matters in his head as abuses were hurled at him by the Elector. As it seemed Johann was reaching the end of his short rant and winding down, Helmut punched the bridge of his nose to regain some composition. It was very, very frustrating that he couldn't kill the man before him and he felt that they would only take a vile pleasure in this disgusting privilege. Obscene, that. Perhaps the next Emperor could broaden the abilities of the Office, one never knew! \"Of course, your Highness. As you say.\" Helmut stated with a tired drag, looking to the altar of the Church. \"If that is truly not possible, then it is expected we receive full cooperation from you. Extra posts of Witch Hunters shall have to come, State Troops will be called in with our coordination, we will have unparalleled security.\" Helmut stated, taking a short pause to speak as a figure he didn't consider secure passed bym \"Of course you may deny. But you are aware there would be repercussions, yes?\"", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "The Witch Hunter sighed, thinking of other matters in his head as abuses were hurled at him by the Elector. As it seemed Johann was reaching the end of his short rant and winding down, Helmut punched the bridge of his nose to regain some composition. It was very, very frustrating that he couldn't kill the man before him and he felt that they would only take a vile pleasure in this disgusting privilege. Obscene, that. Perhaps the next Emperor could broaden the abilities of the Office, one never knew! "}, "post-91680": {"user": "Archduke Isenbardus", "user_num": 1965, "timestamp": "1561440102000", "message": "Eyeing the back of the swiftly departing Baron, the Archduke let out a slight chuckle as he turned his attention to Amia. \u201cIt must be difficult to be more mature than your father. You\u2019re barely older than a child yet already you\u2019re far more refined than him.\u201d While his words were solemn, there was a hint of warmth in them.Offering her a sad smile, the Archduke motioned for her to follow him as he set off towards the gravestones at a slow stroll. While the murmurs of the nobles inside the church were still audible, it was relatively quiet in the graveyard, the loudest sound the thumping of the Archduke\u2019s staff.\u201cSocial gatherings such as these\u2026 They don\u2019t suit me. This is mostly just an excuse so I can get away from my fellow Electors and get some peace and quiet. You didn\u2019t look like you were enjoying yourself inside so I figured I\u2019d bring you along for a walk. Did I assume incorrectly?\u201d", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Eyeing the back of the swiftly departing Baron, the Archduke let out a slight chuckle as he turned his attention to Amia. "}, "post-91692": {"user": "Amia Deluth", "user_num": 3438, "timestamp": "1561475878000", "message": "Her eyes were unreadable as she gazed at him, not bothering to watch her father leave her alone with a complete stranger for his own gains. Amia listened to him speak about her maturity as compared to her father's, and she gave a slight nod, \"He's ambitious and it makes him foolish.\" She had a deep voice, not quite masculine but promised instead to be sultry when she grew older.She began to walk with him as he gestured, glancing over toward the church to see her father and mother leaving the building but not coming toward them. Her brows lifted some and she had to stifle a sigh of annoyance at the situation. Why in the world would they leave her alone with a man without a chaperone? Wasn't her mother always telling her that she was to be chaperoned when not with them, that she must be the picture of purity until she was married.\"Well,\" she started in reply to his question, \"I don't suppose you should enjoy yourself at a funeral. Aside from that, your Grace, I would not have enjoyed it as a ball either. You assume correctly. I can hardly fault you for coming outside to walk instead of listening to banter from the ambitious troublemakers like my father.\" She was very much a lady but for the interference she had given, polite, lovely, quiet. Most importantly, however, was the intelligence in her. She clearly knew exactly what the Baron was doing.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Her eyes were unreadable as she gazed at him, not bothering to watch her father leave her alone with a complete stranger for his own gains. Amia listened to him speak about her maturity as compared to her father's, and she gave a slight nod, \"He's ambitious and it makes him foolish.\" She had a deep voice, not quite masculine but promised instead to be sultry when she grew older."}, "post-91717": {"user": "Johann IV of Bayern", "user_num": 3483, "timestamp": "1561518935000", "message": "If this Helmut had any semblance of tact, which was rich coming from Johann, he would probably have not confronted the bigger man in the middle of a crowd. Or perhaps it was best for this to be done in a large group, otherwise he may already have been throttled by the bear like hands of the rather enraged lord. Which was still a distinct possibility.\"Repercussions! You dare threaten me with repercussions!\" it was a full roar echoing through the church now as Johann took a step towards the Witch Hunter, pointing at him with a heavy index finger. His face was beet red, his hand nearly as such. His eyes appeared beady in this moment of pure rage, almost akin's to a boar's. All he was missing was the tusks and rooting around in the woods for truffels.\"Your order so much as sends a single Witch Hunter into Bayern, I swear they'll be hung from the walls of Ingerhold until they rot from the ropes.\" he lowered his tone from a shout into a growl again, but that was to emphasize his point, \"There is no reason for there to be a panic, riot, or whatever excuse you bastards in your hidey holes want in interfering in my lands. If you send a bunch of heavily armed men from other lands into their midst, and have them looking for trouble, then there will be. There will be no extra police in my lands, and that is the end of it. Now begone and leave me my wine.\"", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "If this Helmut had any semblance of tact, which was rich coming from Johann, he would probably have not confronted the bigger man in the middle of a crowd. Or perhaps it was best for this to be done in a large group, otherwise he may already have been throttled by the bear like hands of the rather enraged lord. Which was still a distinct possibility."}, "post-91720": {"user": "Archduke Isenbardus", "user_num": 1965, "timestamp": "1561532671000", "message": "\u201cA shame that his ambitions have blinded him. After all, it\u2019s an important trait to have\u2026 For those that can control it.\u201d Almost in contrast to her own voice, the Archduke\u2019s was surprisingly soft for a man, one almost might call it gentle.\u201cFunerals are barely different from balls save for the fake tears and the lack of dancing. I would be hard pressed to name a single person in attendance who is truly saddened by the Emperor\u2019s passing. The Empress mourns not because she loved the man but because she fears for her and her children's future in his absence.\u201d Letting out a sigh, the Archduke leaned over, brushing off a nearby gravestone that was caked in dust and dirt. \u201cHe\u2019ll soon be forgotten like the countless others who are buried here.\u201d Straightening up, the Archduke regarded Amia for a moment before changing topics.\u201cDo you enjoy reading, Lady Amia?\u201d ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "\u201cA shame that his ambitions have blinded him. After all, it\u2019s an important trait to have\u2026 For those that can control it.\u201d Almost in contrast to her own voice, the Archduke\u2019s was surprisingly soft for a man, one almost might call it gentle."}, "post-91723": {"user": "Amia Deluth", "user_num": 3438, "timestamp": "1561562561000", "message": "\"My grandfather was also ambitious, but he had tact. I wonder why he never taught father that tact would be a good trait to have. Or maybe that particular lesson fell on deaf ears,\" she said in agreement, sounding wiser than her 18 year old self. \"Are you sure she didn't love the emperor? I did not think her grief looked forced at all. I know she would have to be afraid for what is happening next, where she is going to go, and what she is going to do... That is a scary place to be in.\" The girl was filled with compassion for a woman she did not even know.\"As long as she is alive, he won't be forgotten.\" And then she blinked a little when he changed topics.\"My father would not let me learn to read, your Grace, he says it is a bad thing for a woman to be clever. I was taught things ladies are 'supposed' to know. Embroidery, using herbs to treat wounds, running a household... I would love if I could read and write. I already know how to do sums in my head even though I was not taught mathematics. I am sure I can learn quickly enough to be literate.\"", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "\"My grandfather was also ambitious, but he had tact. I wonder why he never taught father that tact would be a good trait to have. Or maybe that particular lesson fell on deaf ears,\" she said in agreement, sounding wiser than her 18 year old self. \"Are you sure she didn't love the emperor? I did not think her grief looked forced at all. I know she would have to be afraid for what is happening next, where she is going to go, and what she is going to do... That is a scary place to be in.\" The girl was filled with compassion for a woman she did not even know."}, "post-91770": {"user": "Helmut van der Minnenstein", "user_num": 1938, "timestamp": "1561673576000", "message": "Again Helmut calmly sat taking all the abuses he received, looking up at the offending Elector. As Johann finished his say, Helmut stood up brushing himself off and crossed his hands behind himself as he began his reply. \"You forget your humility m'lord. You might be an elector in theory but in practice you have not the privilege to make eneies left and right, not when Albrecht and Maximilian are such beautiful names. This was no threat, it was merely an acknowledgement that if your kin serve better to do righteous work, they would be the ones to receive our support and it seems this is the case. Your choice will not bring goodness upon your people, it is an important thing we do your Highness. It would be very unfortunate if without our aid witches and werewolves and vampires start making caravans disappear, if strange cults start making the masses angry.\" Was the Hunter implying his organization would commit sabotage upon Johann's part of Bayern, or was he merely stating truth? Probably both, or perhaps neither or one or the other. One can't really tell with his sort.\"If you ever have a change of heart, we will be more than happy to accommodate you. With that, I have important matters to attend to and I bid you adieu.\" Raising his hat to the Elector, Helmut strode off to his important business: meeting the other representatives of Bayern.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "<div>Again Helmut calmly sat taking all the abuses he received, looking up at the offending Elector. As Johann finished his say, Helmut stood up brushing himself off and crossed his hands behind himself as he began his reply. \"You forget your humility m'lord. You might be an elector in theory but in practice you have not the privilege to make eneies left and right, not when Albrecht and Maximilian are such beautiful names. This was no threat, it was merely an acknowledgement that if your kin serve better to do righteous work, they would be the ones to receive our support and it seems this is the case. Your choice will not bring goodness upon your people, it is an important thing we do your Highness. It would be very unfortunate if without our aid witches and werewolves and vampires start making caravans disappear, if strange cults start making the masses angry.\" Was the Hunter implying his organization would commit sabotage upon Johann's part of Bayern, or was he merely stating truth? Probably both, or perhaps neither or one or the other. One can't really tell with his sort.</div>"}, "post-91855": {"user": "Archduke Isenbardus", "user_num": 1965, "timestamp": "1561841703000", "message": "\u201cI\u2019ve known Aurelia since before she became Empress. Unless she has changed very much in only a few years, I feel confident in my assessment of her. Her being afraid of what is next, as you say, that is what I believe causes her the most grief. If the life of herself and her children weren\u2019t put into danger by the Emperor\u2019s death, I think we\u2019d be seeing a very different Aurelia.\u201dNoticing that some nobles had already begun to leave the church, the Archduke shifted the direction of their stroll back towards the building. It wouldn\u2019t do to go wandering off into the graveyard with one so young. While he wasn\u2019t worried about what it would do to his reputation, he had no intention of tarnishing Amia\u2019s.\u201cPerhaps I shall speak to him about that sometime then. I think he might be surprised to find many nobles prefer ladies who can carry on conversations on a wide variety of topics. And to be blunt, that\u2019s simply not very likely if they can\u2019t even read. Given the chance, I have no doubt you could easily pick up many subjects, a shame that your father holds you back.\u201d The Archduke\u2019s final words were accompanied by a sad shake of his head. ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "\u201cI\u2019ve known Aurelia since before she became Empress. Unless she has changed very much in only a few years, I feel confident in my assessment of her. Her being afraid of what is next, as you say, that is what I believe causes her the most grief. If the life of herself and her children weren\u2019t put into danger by the Emperor\u2019s death, I think we\u2019d be seeing a very different Aurelia.\u201d"}, "post-91859": {"user": "Amia Deluth", "user_num": 3438, "timestamp": "1561853194000", "message": "\"I see,\" she said with a frown. That was the way of marriage, wasn't it? There was no love in the beginning of most marriages that were arranged. She knew that her father was trying to make such a match for her and dread filled the pit of her stomach. What if she married a man who was very bad? What if she was married to a man of power and he died leaving her with his children and no security? There was a lot to be frightened of. She stared at the Arch Duke and wondered what kind of a man he really was? He seemed kind enough as he tisked her father's choices not to let her be educated beyond what a lady was supposed to be, in his opinion anyways.She tilted her head and replied, \"It is not so simple. Not even you could make him let me learn things like that. I cannot.. unless my husband... whoever he may be... bids it after we are married. He says that I am already much too clever for my own good. He doesn't care that I want things, to be able to read and write, or to be able to make choices for myself.  It irks me to no end that my mother could be so subservient to him as he would have me be. She tells me quite often that I need to stop being so willful and listen to my father. I don't want to be her replica, I want to be my own person... I am not allowed because my father owns me now, and then I shall be married soon enough to someone of his choosing, which means my husband shall own me until we are parted by death.\"There was a great deal of wounded pride in that paragraph. She was actually very well spoken to indicate she was a sponge and would gladly soak up whatever knowledge she could.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "\"I see,\" she said with a frown. That was the way of marriage, wasn't it? There was no love in the beginning of most marriages that were arranged. She knew that her father was trying to make such a match for her and dread filled the pit of her stomach. What if she married a man who was very bad? What if she was married to a man of power and he died leaving her with his children and no security? There was a lot to be frightened of. She stared at the Arch Duke and wondered what kind of a man he really was? He seemed kind enough as he tisked her father's choices not to let her be educated beyond what a lady was supposed to be, in his opinion anyways."}, "post-91997": {"user": "Archduke Isenbardus", "user_num": 1965, "timestamp": "1562047675000", "message": "Isenbardus has to suppress a chuckle at Amia\u2019s reaction to his opinion on the Empress\u2019 marriage. So young, so pure of heart\u2026 Even if she had experienced injustice at the hands of her father, he had a feeling she wasn\u2019t prepared at all for a world outside her family circle.\u201cA shame he would hold his daughter back due to his own failings. If he were a clever man perhaps he wouldn\u2019t have such reservations, but I suppose he fears you becoming a sharper mind than him\u2026 It\u2019s amusing because you already are even with his attempts to hold you back.\u201dStroking his chin, the Archduke slowed to a halt as the pair neared the entrance to the church. His obligation to show up at the Emperor\u2019s funeral complete, he was ready to depart for the evening.\u201cWell, I think it\u2019s about time for me to head back to my residence for the evening. Thank you for lending me your company, it made my visit here feel a bit more worthwhile. Perhaps we shall meet again, until next time, Lady Amia.\u201dOffering a slight bow accompanied by a small smile, the Archduke turned and departed, heading towards his escort of soldiers. ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Isenbardus has to suppress a chuckle at Amia\u2019s reaction to his opinion on the Empress\u2019 marriage. So young, so pure of heart\u2026 Even if she had experienced injustice at the hands of her father, he had a feeling she wasn\u2019t prepared at all for a world outside her family circle."}}