{"post-82982": {"user": "\u00cdskaldur", "user_num": 2925, "timestamp": "1527864767000", "message": "The Army of \u00cdskaldur include a mixture of the four different inhabitants of the nation, the Vikings, Mineraali, Valkyries, and Berserkers, with each serving a variety of roles in battle.Vikings: Humans who do not need food or water. Possess powerful (but not very quick) regenerative properties as long as they live. Upon death can be resurrected by a healer or by being taken back to their home continent. If it's the latter the troop would have to take some time to recover from the wounds.Swordsmen: (2) medium armor, either shortswords or bastard swords, and a decently sized round shield.Spearman: (2) medium Armor, long polearms, and a small arming sword.Archers: (2) Light armor, bow and arrows, and a small arming sword for close quarters.Healer: (20) Half Plate Armor, sometimes a small arming sword (although it rarely gets much use), and one of the limited number of extremely valuable healing crystals, gifted to the\u00a0\u00cdskaldurians by the Heart of Odin. They can use this as well as their magic to create a ritual in which lasts around 3 minutes, and will resurrect any fallen vikings or berserkers. They're often guarded by elite troops, allowing them to focus on their rituals with little worry.Mineraali: Living hunks of crystal and earthernly minerals, with resistance to telepathic attacks and intrusions due to having a very foreign mind. Do not need rest, food, or water.Bruisers: (7) The larger and bulkier ones of the Mineraali, only wielding their own fists. Typically little to no armor, as their durable bodies tending to withstand most things.Incinerators: (8) The same abilities as Bruisers, but the role they play differs greatly. Made up of the Mineraali with the ability to channel and focus sunlight through their body and utilize it as a weapon against siege weapons and buildings. The focused light builds up heat on the target surface, eventually causing it to burst into flames or melt, depending on the material and how many mineraali are focusing on . If the situation calls for it they can replace Bruisers in battle, and often do.Valkyries: (20) Bodies made of living wire encase in metal, they possess great combat prowess and magical abilities, as well as being resistant to telepathic attacks and intrusions. Able to fly using the wings attached to their back and often wielding long polearms or lances. A rare sight on the battlefield, usually acting as strike units, commanders, or magical support.Berserkers: (20) Violent troops of \u00cdskaldur with immense speed and strength. While in a rage their skin becomes tough enough to deflect blades and pass through fire unharmed. They normally wield large single weapons and wear little to no armor. As basically an elite version of the Vikings, the death and resurrection system works the same.Miscellaneous:Longboat: (30) 30 meters in length and capable of carrying 80 vikings and berserkers. Lightweight, shallow, and with a symmetrical bow and stern that allows for high mobility in shallow waters, as well as being able to be carried over land and used as shelter by its crew. Has 30 rowing seats as well as a mast and sail decorated with the Banner of \u00cdskaldur. Has slots for shields to be placed in along its side.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "The Army of \u00cdskaldur include a mixture of the four different inhabitants of the nation, the Vikings, Mineraali, Valkyries, and Berserkers, with each serving a variety of roles in battle."}}