{"post-6189": {"user": null, "user_num": null, "timestamp": "1439165197000", "message": "One of the four gates to the White City. Each gate is guarded by 2 Centurions and their men, along with a squad of ten Aaedanian Archers.(Gate is Closed, move to another gate for entry.)", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "One of the four gates to the White City. Each gate is guarded by 2 Centurions and their men, along with a squad of ten Aaedanian Archers."}, "post-13653": {"user": "Wild", "user_num": 751, "timestamp": "1444947008000", "message": "The young woman had been walking for hours, and her feet were feeling weary. Her stomach was growling from hunger, but she did not have time to stop and rest. She had to find a place to stay for the night, a job and perhaps some food. The air felt chilly, and light rain fell from the sky. Her long hair felt moist by the rain, and she shuddered from the cold and draped her cloak around her, pulling up her cloak and hoping it could keep her dry for a little bit longer.Her face and body was covered with bruises. Her former masters had not been pleased when she said she would never steal again, and she had been severely punished for it. They did not like to lose their best thief and burglar. But she just couldn't bring herself to steal anymore. The former master thief had grown a conscience. Her eyes scanned the area where she had arrived. It looked like a nice place, not like the place she had left behind. She shuddered and shook her head, as to shake off the bad memories. She had promised herself not to think of that place anymore. She would never return, never again would she be forced to steal. This was a new life, a new start...That was if someone let her inside. Then and only then could her new life begin...", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "The young woman had been walking for hours, and her feet were feeling weary. Her stomach was growling from hunger, but she did not have time to stop and rest. She had to find a place to stay for the night, a job and perhaps some food. The air felt chilly, and light rain fell from the sky. Her long hair felt moist by the rain, and she shuddered from the cold and draped her cloak around her, pulling up her cloak and hoping it could keep her dry for a little bit longer."}, "post-13670": {"user": "Joseph Alexandre", "user_num": 752, "timestamp": "1444965121000", "message": "Slightly more fortunate was the next figure whom approached the gate, as he had the comfort of travelling upon a horse, thus sparing his feet any injury. Father Joseph also pulled up the neck hem of his robes, which allowed him to cover his head against the drizzling rain while he waited for the guards to let him pass through the entrance into the White City.\u00a0\"It won't take us long now, before we can get you settled in a nice, warm stable for the night\" he assured the restless equine, as she took to squirming about; clearly not happy about having to stand so still amidst the downpour.\u00a0The priest noticed as well the lonely individual standing but a few feet away from him, and he quirked his eyebrow ever so slightly as he noticed the blueish marks upon her face, and the visible parts of her arms. Dismounting the horse, Joseph stepped closer to the petite child. \"Pardon my intrusion, young madamoiselle, but you would not need a hand, would you?\" he asked kindly, addressing her in what he knew to be the local tongue, though with a persistent flavor of the native language spoken around the region where he had been brought up.\u00a0", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Slightly more fortunate was the next figure whom approached the gate, as he had the comfort of travelling upon a horse, thus sparing his feet any injury."}, "post-13672": {"user": "Wild", "user_num": 751, "timestamp": "1444966480000", "message": "The elf had been waiting for several hours by the time the priest appeared. She was soaking wet from the rain. Her hair plastered itself to her head, and she felt right outspoken annoyed. Not to mention bummed. She silently cursed the guards who were sleeping on their jobs, wondering what the citizens paid them for. All in all, she was every bit as pissed as a hungry and tired Dark Elf could be.\"The White City my butt,\" she grumbled. \"It doesn't even look white anymore. It looks grey. It could be the fog of course, but still!\"She scowled as she saw the man arriving, her eyes narrowing when he spoke to his horse about getting it a nice, warm stable for the night. \"Great,\" she muttered to herself. \"Even the animals are better off than I am.\"She was trembling from cold and longed to stay somewhere nice and warm. At this point even a stable sounded nice. Perhaps she could sneak into the stable of this horse when the priest was sleeping. She didn't think of stealing anything, she only wanted to get warm. Unfortunately for her the man had noticed her and dismounted the horse. The elf girl froze, fully aware that strong human males meant bruises, yelling and pain. But the blow she had expected never came. Instead a kind voice asked if she needed a hand. The language was easy to understand, even if it had a strong accent.\"No thank you,\" she replied in a strong accent from her own native village. \"I've got two hands of my own. Now I only need to find work for them.\"", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "The elf had been waiting for several hours by the time the priest appeared. She was soaking wet from the rain. Her hair plastered itself to her head, and she felt right outspoken annoyed. Not to mention bummed. She silently cursed the guards who were sleeping on their jobs, wondering what the citizens paid them for. All in all, she was every bit as pissed as a hungry and tired Dark Elf could be."}, "post-13684": {"user": "Joseph Alexandre", "user_num": 752, "timestamp": "1444990587000", "message": "Poor child. How long had she been standing out here, before he happened to come by? Joseph asked himself this question subsequently, as he had come close enough to view the girl in greater detail, and seen that her meager body was positively drenched in water. What more, she was shivering from the cold. \"You're going to get sick if you stay here much longer,\" he observed. \"Is there a problem with the gate?\" While he spoke, the scholar took a step back toward his horse, and muttered something about \"a moment\" before he started rifling through the content of a small leather bag hanging from the saddle. It didn't take him long to find what he was looking for, and freeing the thick lump of gray fabric from its prison, Joseph then handed her his spare robe with a charitable smile on his face. \"There you go, until we figure how to get into the city. I do hope they have not bolted the doors.\"He nodded his approval upon listening when the youth pointed out that she had two capable hands, and was looking for a job for them. \"I am sure you will find work for your hands in this town somewhere, if we can only get into it somehow..\" The priest were starting to feel that the joke was wearing a bit thin by this point , as mall droplets of water started to find their way down his neck, in spite of his attempt to stay dry by covering his head with the hood of his cape. What was happening? was the city under siege, or had there been a grand celebration with lots of drinks and the typical abandonment of common sense?\u00a0Wichever was the case, it seemed likely that the two travellers would have to figure out their own solution as to how they might get past what looked like a closed gate\u00a0", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Poor child. How long had she been standing out here, before he happened to come by? Joseph asked himself this question subsequently, as he had come close enough to view the girl in greater detail, and seen that her meager body was positively drenched in water. What more, she was shivering from the cold. \"You're going to get sick if you stay here much longer,\" he observed. \"Is there a problem with the gate?\" "}, "post-13685": {"user": "Wild", "user_num": 751, "timestamp": "1444995696000", "message": "The elf girl shook with cold from the rain, and her teeth were cluttering as she tried to drape her ragged clothes closer around her to keep out the chill. She heard the stranger saying she was going to get sick if she stayed here for much longer, and honestly he did have a point. She already felt the first warning signs of a cold, and hoped she didn't start her new life by getting sick. When he asked if there was a problem with the gate, she shrugged and looked up at the man.\"I have been here for several hours,\" she said. \"And I haven't seen any signs of the guards yet. I suspect they are either drunk, dead, or possibly both. I don't know what they are doing, but I can assure you that they are not doing their job.\"She waited for a moment as the man spoke to his horse, not wanting to interrupt the tender moment between man and animal. After all she had been through it felt nice to see someone behaving nicely to each other. She thought he was checking on his luggage, but to her surprise he fetched a thick lump of gray fabric from his saddle bags, offering it to her with a smile on his face. She looked up at him in childlike disbelief, not used to anyone giving her things willingly. \"For me?\" she asked and looked up at him. \"Oh, you are too kind. Thank you...\"She gratefully draped the cloak around her thin body, the first trace of a smile spreading over her face when she felt warm for the first time in ages. She listened when he spoke of how to get into the city, her fingers playing with the lockpicks in her leather bag. She had hesitating before bringing them along, as she hoped to start a new and better life. Now she was glad she had brought them, as they might be their only way inside the city unless the guards showed up. \"We could check if the doors are bolted,\" she said. \"Most cities tend to bolt their doors, but perhaps it is not this important in a place where the guards sleep on their post?\" She nodded towards the main gate. \"You look stronger than me,\" she said. \"Perhaps it is best if you check the gate. Nobody heard me when I knocked upon my arrival. Or perhaps they just ignore me, not wanting to accept the likes of me in their pretty little town...\"There was something hurt in her voice when she said this, the resignation of a girl who had doors slamming in her face most of her life. She studied her frozen hands as the priest spoke of getting into the town. She studied his face, pondering on whether or not she could trust him. He looked like an honest man, and he had proven his kindness by offering her a cloak when her own rags no longer could keep out the chill. After a moment of hesitation she decided to take a risk. Anything was better than drowning in this rain.\"I may have a way to get the doors open if they are locked,\" she said. \"We could try that if the guards don't show up soon...\"", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "The elf girl shook with cold from the rain, and her teeth were cluttering as she tried to drape her ragged clothes closer around her to keep out the chill. She heard the stranger saying she was going to get sick if she stayed here for much longer, and honestly he did have a point. She already felt the first warning signs of a cold, and hoped she didn't start her new life by getting sick. When he asked if there was a problem with the gate, she shrugged and looked up at the man."}, "post-13695": {"user": "Joseph Alexandre", "user_num": 752, "timestamp": "1445009279000", "message": "\"You've been waiting here for several hours!?\"Joseph echoed the statement made by the elf. His eyes growing wide, he sent her a look of utter astonishment over such news. He then let out a deep sigh, his discontentment manifesting itself upon his face while he tossed a serious gaze toward the closed door. While he had been under the impression that the White City was a place of peace of prosperity, he might very well have missed the news of a recent uproar. However, he could not discern any signs of unrest from where he stood; no sounds of people shouting, nor dark smoke climbing toward the sky from the scorched ruins of people's homes. The unusual absence of anyone similar to a guard or gate keeper, combined with the fact that the impressive wooden doors seemed shut tight, was the only apparent sign that something was, or very well could be amiss.\u00a0\"It is the least I can do,\" he gently replied as he offered her the piece of clothing. \"Your own clothes won't do you ny good when they are as wet as they are\" Joseph watched the hint of a smile forming upon her face while she wrapped the dry cloak around herself, happy that he had been able to give her some comfort in an otherwise unpleasant situation. \"Better? he asked, offering her yet another smile in return of hers. \u00a0There was a bitterness in the girl's voice, Joseph could not help but notice when she described her fruitless attempt to draw attention to herself from basically anyone with the correct authorization to grant her passage. Instead she had been left feeling rejected, which was quite understandable as he tought about it. Alas, he suspected this was not the first time she experienced something like this; and the clues given him to form this theory was of course her ragged clothes as well as the bruises covering what little he could see of her skin.\u00a0Following her suggestion, the cleric nodded briefly, before walking up to check whether or not the gates were truly closed. There was still no mortal soul in sight as he reached out to pull the handle, finding that, indeed, the large-scaled doors refused to slide apart no matter how much force he used trying to push and pull, alternatively. \"Apparently we are going to have a hard time getting in the usual way,\" he shrugged,turning once more toward the elf. \"But as you were saying, you may have a different idea?\"", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "\"You've been waiting here for several "}, "post-13702": {"user": "Wild", "user_num": 751, "timestamp": "1445011933000", "message": "Wild heard the shock in the man's voice when he heard how long she had been waiting for the gates to open. If the sun had been visible today, she could have showed him by the place of the sun for how long she had been here. But sadly all she could see today was rain and gray clouds. \"It feels like several hours,\" she said. \"I came here by dawn, and as you can see I am still here. I don't know what the guards are doing in there or why they don't reply. I am cold, wet and hungry, and I only want somewhere to stay the night and a warm meal. I can't even remember the last time I had a full belly.\" Her stomach growled, as if it understood she was talking about it.She blushed when he spoke of the current state of her clothes, knowing he was right. They were little more than rags now, and dirty on top of that. Luckily her face was so soiled with mud that it was hard to notice her blushing. She noticed the man smiling, the first sign of kindness she had met in a very long time. \"Much better,\" she confirmed as she draped his offered cloak tighter around her. It was warmer than any clothes she had carried lately, and she sent him a brief, trembling smile to show her appreciation for his kindness. \"Thank you.\"She waited patiently when he tested the gates, not the least surprised that they were closed. She only nodded when the man finally confirmed they were not getting in the usual way. \"I have a feeling they do not like strangers here,\" she said, sighing deeply when she realized she would need her lock-picks sooner than she had hoped for. It had been no problem in her former job, when she went on quests alone. But now she had a witness. Would he accept something illegal going on under his very nose? Yet he had been kind to her at first, when he offered his cloak.\"I may have a different idea,\" she confirmed with a sigh. \"But it is also an idea I had hoped I wouldn't have need of. You see, it is not quite legal...\"", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Wild heard the shock in the man's voice when he heard how long she had been waiting for the gates to open. If the sun had been visible today, she could have showed him by the place of the sun for how long she had been here. But sadly all she could see today was rain and gray clouds. \"It feels like several hours,\" she said. \"I came here by dawn, and as you can see I am still here. I don't know what the guards are doing in there or why they don't reply. I am cold, wet and hungry, and I only want somewhere to stay the night and a warm meal. I can't even remember the last time I had a full belly.\" Her stomach growled, as if it understood she was talking about it."}, "post-13707": {"user": null, "user_num": null, "timestamp": "1445014987000", "message": "The Eastern Gate's portculis opened, 20 men stepped out in marching formation. Among them a Tribune who saw the travelers, \"Hold!!\" The presecion halted on command. The tribune would address the travelers, he was donned in typical Aaedanian medium armor, a full helm hidding his face and slightly muffling his deep voice. Only his blue eyes were visible through the helm as all Native Aaedanian's eyes glowed. \"Travelers? This gate is primarily used for military purposes, I apologize if you have been out here long.\" He noticed Wild's drenched cloak, \"You must be freezing. Here...\" The Tribune removed his blue cloak and offered it to the young elf. \"I'll trade you.\" ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "The Eastern Gate's portculis opened, 20 men stepped out in marching formation. Among them a Tribune who saw the travelers, \"Hold!!\" The presecion halted on command. "}, "post-13823": {"user": "Joseph Alexandre", "user_num": 752, "timestamp": "1445123863000", "message": "As the young elf told him she had come here already by dawn, Joseph shook his head in disbelief. He could see for himself that she was still waiting outside, and was deeply upset by her predicament. It was a long time since morning; how long he dared not even think of. Looking briefly up toward the sky, the sun was hiding at the moment, behind a veil of dark clouds. But even so, if he were to measure time approximately according to his 'inner clock,' so to speak, it was around noon. It was no wonder why her belly was growling so hungrily upon the mention of a hot meal, if she had been exposed to the elements for this long. Poor child. Joseph looked at her ever more sympathetically, and he wished he could do more than just pass on his cape to her. Alas, he could not propose they share a meal; warm or otherwise while they figured out what to do next, as he simply didn't have anything either of them could eat. As he'd been heading for the White City, Joseph had not planned to stop for a snack, until he had reached his destination. He wagered there would always be a tavern where he could go to eat when the need arose - the idea had not even occured to him that he might not even get past the city gates.\"Maybe not,\" he muttered a somewhat absent-minded response when the elf suggested that 'they' did not like strangers here. The prospect didn't sit too well with the priest, whom on the contrary had heard people speak favorable about their experiences visiting the famed Aaedan city. \"Could not the townspeople be in some kind of trouble, as well?\" he questioned. He couldn't quite determine whether the silence where disapproving of such an idea - or confirming it. But surely the elf would have heard some kind of noise, indicating that something extraordinary had happened before his arrival, if indeed it had.As it dawned on him they might need to succumb to breaking the law in order to gain entrance, Joseph gave his companion a serious look. \"What, exactly is the not so legal way of getting in?\" he demanded. He might as well hear what she had to say, though he knew he was going to have a hard time with it. Splendid; I have the choice between starting my stay here in White City by violating its laws - or, alternatively not starting my stay here at all! He groaned, rubbing his forehad as if the moral crossway he now faced was becoming a physical discomfort. What other choice did they have? He simply couldn't turn back to where he had come from; and the elf probably even less so. It was quite as if the guards had somehow caught notice to the subject of their converation, though how that might have happened, Joseph had no idea, whatsoever. One moment there had been nobody present beside himself and his pointy-eared little friend; then the next second there were fully armed guards swarming all over the place. He had to give them that; when at last these men had arrived to greet the weary travellers, they were pretty quick.  Even if he did feel a slight bit uneasy in their presence, given the previous development in his conversation with the child accompanying him, the holy man stood perfectly still. \"I understand, Monsieur,\" he calmly replied, as the man appearing to be leading the soldiers explained the common purpose of this particular city gate. \"I am afraid neither of us were informed of this, otherwise we would of course have approached a different angle from the very start of our journey.\" Watching the military leader offer his cloak for trade, Joseph observed a troubled look forming on the elf's face. She didn't appear all too enthusiastic about the deal; and making an educated guess based on her ragged appearance alone, he found it very possible she might not have very much to give up in return of the man's fancy piece of clothing. \"It is kind of you, Monsieur, but I cannot allow her to trade my cloak in place of yours, though it is a very nice one, indeed,\" he offered the man a valid reason to explain why the girl was hesitant to respond positively to his request. \"I have a few personal belongings in its pockets, that I rather not part with, if I can choose.\" (Minor godmodding, with Morrighan's permission/encouragement.)", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "As the young elf told him she had come here already by dawn, Joseph shook his head in disbelief. He could see for himself that she was still waiting outside, and was deeply upset by her predicament. It was a long time since morning; how long he dared not even think of. Looking briefly up toward the sky, the sun was hiding at the moment, behind a veil of dark clouds. But even so, if he were to measure time approximately according to his 'inner clock,' so to speak, it was around noon. "}, "post-13845": {"user": "Wild", "user_num": 751, "timestamp": "1445127569000", "message": "Wild was just about to answer the priest's question of what was the not so legal way of getting in when she heard the sound of footsteps coming from the other side of the door. She snapped her mouth shut, her eyes signalling to the priest that she would explain later if they needed to get in somewhere else.After what felt like an eternity of waiting the Eastern Gate's portculis finally opened, and 20 men stepped out in marching formation. Wild's eyes widened in disbelief when she saw how many they were. How on earth had 20 men been capable of staying so quiet behind the gate doors? No snoring, no burping, not even the sound of a fart....She wanted to ask, but had a feeling she would not be allowed into the city if she did. So for now she remained silent. She only hoped she would be able to stay this way. Her uncouth manners would probably bring her in serious trouble one day...One of the men seemed to have a higher rank than the others. He spoke to them, asking if they were travelers, and Wild nodded. A frown washed over her face for a brief moment when she heard that the gate was primarly used for military purposes. Oh great, she growled inwardly. Now they're telling me...Her eyes widened in disbelief when the man removed his blue cloak, offering it to her. She appreciated his kindness, but his words of trade made her hesitate. She had no money, nothing to trade in return. Her only possession was the ancient tome she had inherited from her parents, and that tome must never leave the family. Her dark eyes looked unhappily at the guard, then at the priest who had found her first. Luckily the priest seemed to know how to adress the guard, declining the kind offer in a polite manner. \"We have traveled a long way, Sir,\" she added, hoping the guard would not be upset. \"We only want to seek shelter from the storm, and I for one am in need of a job.\"", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Wild was just about to answer the priest's question of what was the not so legal way of getting in when she heard the sound of footsteps coming from the other side of the door. She snapped her mouth shut, her eyes signalling to the priest that she would explain later if they needed to get in somewhere else."}, "post-14045": {"user": "Joseph Alexandre", "user_num": 752, "timestamp": "1445373227000", "message": "\"We better head on into the city, then,\" Joseph suggested, offering a smile and a courteous nod to the men in armor. \"I'm sorry we couldn't trade you - we do appreciate the offer, though.\" He turned again to face his two companions; one being the horse faithfully waiting to carry its master the last part of his journey, while the other one was, of course, the elfin girl he had just met. \"Will you be alright on your own?\" he asked her kindly. \"I mean, do you have any means of providing for yourself until you find a job? I must admit I'm not very familiar with the city, apart for the kind of information you may find in a book; but if you wish, then perhaps I could help look around for one. Do you have any particular preference, or experience in a field?\" ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "\"We better head on into the city, then,\" Joseph suggested, offering a smile and a courteous nod to the men in armor. \"I'm sorry we couldn't trade you - we do appreciate the offer, though.\" "}, "post-14047": {"user": "Wild", "user_num": 751, "timestamp": "1445374596000", "message": "Wild smiled to the guards and offered a deep curtsy when her male companion spoke to them, not wanting to seem rude. It would not do starting her stay in this town by getting herself arrested by the city guards. When her newfound friend turned to her, she smiled sheepisly when he asked if she had any means of  providing for herself until she found a job. \"Not just yet,\" she admitted. \"I am in search of a job, but so far I haven't been very lucky.\"She left out that the only job she knew was thefts and burglaries. She had a suspicion that the guards would not like it, and she was also determined that she was done with this part of life and never wanted to steal again. \"I am good at fixing broken items,\" she said. \"I know my way around a toolbox, and I am know how to use a bow and arrows, and to throw a dagger if I have to. But I am not certain I want to join the military. I am not a warrior. By the way, my name is Wild, and I was born in the village of Mir.\"She reached out a hand, offering it to him in a greeting. She felt she trusted him after his kindness towards him. \"If you like, we could travel together. It is not safe to travel alone these days....\"(Exit to the city?)", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Wild smiled to the guards and offered a deep curtsy when her male companion spoke to them, not wanting to seem rude. It would not do starting her stay in this town by getting herself arrested by the city guards. "}, "post-14059": {"user": "Joseph Alexandre", "user_num": 752, "timestamp": "1445377662000", "message": "\"Not the military, then,\" Joseph agreed, listening to what the girl had to say about her skills and preferences. He found it somewhat alarming that she had no means at all providing for herself until a job was found - however given her apparent speciality in all things practical, he imagined a wide number of possibilites opening themselves to her. \"You know how to use tools and how to repair things? I would be very surprised if we can't find anyone needing those skills. And even if you are no warrior, maybe you could put yourself up as a hunter, with the bow and arrow,\" he mused out loud.He accepted her hand into his, offering her yet another, wide smile as she introduced herself.  \"And I am Joseph,\" he said in return. \"I am from a small village myself, or to be more specific; the abbey overlooking said village.\" \"Yes, I do think we should stay together,\" Joseph added, preparing to bring his horse and himself through the gates. \"As you say, it is a risky business traveling alone - and might I add, a bit tedious never to have somebody to talk to during all those hours on the road.\" The priest gladly welcomed Wild's company, if indeed she took herself up on the offer and followed him as he began moving forward, into the settlement ahead. (Exit to the city.  )  ", "link_list": [], "image_list": ["http://storage.proboards.com/5665496/i/QpZzJT39AQ3ewhOwM_Vt.png"], "html": "\"Not the military, then,\" Joseph agreed, listening to what the girl had to say about her skills and preferences. "}, "post-36588": {"user": null, "user_num": null, "timestamp": "1462561839000", "message": "The walls along the gate begain to glow. so faint at first that no one could tell. but it grew strong. The guards along the walls were confused. Several called to officers that found themselves just as perplexed. Green energy was coating the black walls of the white city. Aaedanians are familiar with magic but the air itself felt sick and heavy. When the first Aaedanian Knight vommited the walls were quickly evacuated. Alamrs bells began to ring across the city. The military within the walls quickly formed up, armored and ready for action but none was to be found. Only the citie's magi had duty here. They studied the walls, observed the energy flowing through them only to find that it was like no magic they had known, but it was magic. Magic that was spreading inward from the walls. Its purpose was unknown. The Magi Corp quickly attempted to put barriers along the walls; an attempt to stop the magic that proved worthless. The vile magic spread past the barriers. It was growing with alarming pace to the center of the city. The Tower of Aeon was starting to glow with the same magic. ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "The walls along the gate begain to glow. so faint at first that no one could tell. but it grew strong. The guards along the walls were confused. Several called to officers that found themselves just as perplexed. Green energy was coating the black walls of the white city. Aaedanians are familiar with magic but the air itself felt sick and heavy. When the first Aaedanian Knight vommited the walls were quickly evacuated. Alamrs bells began to ring across the city. "}}