{"post-81868": {"user": "The Isran Empire", "user_num": 2930, "timestamp": "1524105633000", "message": "Rising from the plains along the most prominent southern border crossing point.\u00a0 This fortress provides a center of protection against invasions from both the southern mountains and the south eastern forests. Its walls extend northeast and southwest and its construction marks the completion a section of the Great Isranian Wall between itself and Lorel Fortress. Like all the planned fortresses of the Great Isran Wall its layout is simple, logical and practical. Five walls, the northwest of which being a part of the Great Isranian Wall, form a pentagon shape. Each wall is thirty feet (9.14 meters) tall and sixty feet (18.28 meters) wide with two tiers of walkways along its length. The bottom tier of walkways has many arrow-loops and the top tier has full crenelation with a taller pillar at regular intervals that are equipped with a couple of arrow-loops. The outside of the walls are lined with a metal spike filled trench that stops where the walls extend out into the much grander fortification. The shared walls also have these trenches to help fend off invading infantry forces. Within the walls is a simple four sided castle that stands sixty feet (18.28 meters) with four towers each standing one story taller than the castle itself and were round and has a thirty foot (9.14 meters) diameter. The tops of the castle each are topped with battlements and crenelation. The structure is littered with arrow-loops. The Castle itself has only one entrance with a portcullis and double gates that are easily barred. The walls of the fortress has two stairways that lead to the wall's battlements. A single gate to the fortress is accessible from the Isran side equipped with a portcullis and a drawbridge. The drawbridge is designed so the defenders can destroy it should the enemy force it down, preventing easy access to the gate even if the drawbridge is taken. The entire fortification is made of granite stones quarried in the Norkari Mountains and has a very light grey color. The castle itself has has two long Isranian banners that flow from the top of its forefront towers nearly to the ground.In addition to these main defensive structures there are several utility buildings including a small stable, a simple forge and an additional barracks. There are wards in the nearby forest that send a flare into the sky when triggered. These wards are triggered by any group larger than twenty being in proximity to each other within the fores; thus preventing any raiding party nor large force approaching the wall without alerting the defenses.\u00a0", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Rising from the plains along the most prominent southern border crossing point.\u00a0 This fortress provides a center of protection against invasions from both the southern mountains and the south eastern forests. Its walls extend northeast and southwest and its construction marks the completion a section of the Great Isranian Wall between itself and Lorel Fortress. Like all the planned fortresses of the Great Isran Wall its layout is simple, logical and practical. Five walls, the northwest of which being a part of the Great Isranian Wall, form a pentagon shape. Each wall is thirty feet (9.14 meters) tall and sixty feet (18.28 meters) wide with two tiers of walkways along its length. The bottom tier of walkways has many arrow-loops and the top tier has full crenelation with a taller pillar at regular intervals that are equipped with a couple of arrow-loops. The outside of the walls are lined with a metal spike filled trench that stops where the walls extend out into the much grander fortification. The shared walls also have these trenches to help fend off invading infantry forces. Within the walls is a simple four sided castle that stands sixty feet (18.28 meters) with four towers each standing one story taller than the castle itself and were round and has a thirty foot (9.14 meters) diameter. The tops of the castle each are topped with battlements and crenelation. The structure is littered with arrow-loops. "}}