{"post-2895": {"user": "Askar", "user_num": 218, "timestamp": "1432257569000", "message": "\u00a0Askar's CaveAs you make your way through the vast pass, high in the mountains where even oxygen is lacking, you notice upon the mountainside a massive entrance. Three hundred feet up the mountainside was a ledge that led directly to the entrance, but the climb was treacherous and long.\u00a0As you make it to the foot of the mountainside you notice an inscription in the wall, right next to it, a drawing. Wind and rain has made the markings almost impossible to read, but what you could make out was the blurred painting of what appeared to be a dragon. Even a child could have done better, perhaps the men that drew these marks were simpletons?\u00a0As you make it to the entrance you notice just how big it is, you could fit a siege tower through it. The smell of rot and death meets you as you step closer to the darkness. The entrance has little snow, massive tracks lead into the abyss, the rock you stood worn with marks of clawing. Something lived here, no doubt.\u00a0You can't see much in there, but what you can see is that the stone that had previously made up the caves ceiling, walls and floor had been covered in a thick layer of ice. The inside of the cave was entirely covered in ice.\u00a0OOC Information.Upon entering the cave you'll find that the ice is very slippery, one must mind his or her step. It's very beautiful, but even colder than outside, if you aren't trained for these conditions, your lungs would be in pain. The stench intensifies upon further entry, characters with knowledge of dragons would most likely have guessed it by now.\u00a0As you move another hundred feet in you would be met with three parting tunnels, might I also add that it is dark as night in the cave, only tiny cracks in the ceiling would light up smaller areas of the cave, a torch is recommended unless you're a cat.The tunnel on your left will lead you to the storage, Askar keeps his food and other items of interest that aren't meant for the treasury here, it is a vast room, large enough to build a farm in there. Any man would feel tiny upon entering this area. Dead frozen cave bears the size of three horses would lie in neat piles, other animals like caribous and critters also had their respectful piles. The room also contained a pile of armor, the armor of adventurers and barbarians mostly, no sigil there would be known to modern man. Bones littered among the many weapons and tools of past explorers, a disturbing sight for the average man.\u00a0Mind you the tunnels are all large enough for a massive dragon to march through, so it's a very big place.\u00a0The tunnel in the middle would take you to the treasury, upon entering you would face a sight that few men ever had the privilege to lay eyes on. Heaps of gold and silver, all in the shape of nuggets were gathered in piles taller than your average castle wall, rare gems spread carelessly among the riches. The ancient tribes and clans that lived close to Askar never thought to melt or shape the precious metals in any way, so they were traded in their natural form, for this reason only nuggets were around. The room was the same size as before, and with riches like these one could easily raise an army, build a castle or perhaps a village, that is if one was able to carry it all. On the right hand side of the treasure sat heaps upon heaps of tomes, books and tables, so many that a man could not wish to read them all in one lifetime. The books could be of anything, perhaps a cook book, or maybe a book of powerful spells once forgotten. The wealth was quite overwhelming.\u00a0If one was to take the right tunnel they would find themselves in the resting area of Askar. This was where the dragon kept its most valuable belongings, its most prized possessions, and of course - where it slept. Staffs, swords and axes of chieftains and great warriors were piled up in here, books of importance piled across the room. It was clear where the dragon slept, the floor was worn and bare of objects. If explorers had not met the dragon yet, it would give them an idea of the size of the beast.\u00a0Things you might have to keep in mind whilst in the cave:-Extremely cold, an hour inside and you'll freeze to death.\u00a0-The echoes are loud, so move with care, or the dragon will hear you before it sees you.\u00a0-Reflections in the ice might be a disadvantage, or a great help.-One can't make a quick escape once done in there, the ledge down requires a long climb, unless you have wings.\u00a0If your character is knowledgeable about dragons such as Askar which is unlikely, but in the event you would probably know about their habits, so read the details of my character if that is the case.", "link_list": [], "image_list": ["http://i.imgur.com/LDnhsbM.png"], "html": "<div style=\"text-align:center;\">\u00a0</div>"}, "post-2899": {"user": "Hakeem ibn Rai'q", "user_num": 222, "timestamp": "1432259797000", "message": "Hakeem shivers as he approaches the mouth of the cave, the man standing next to him, presumably his guide, gives the cave a very frightful and cautious berth. He turns to look at Hakeem.\"This is as far as my courage allows me to take you, my lord. I am sorry.\"Hakeem nods and produces a small bag and hands it to the man,\"Ten silver pieces, as was the agreed upon sum.\"The man would take the bag and begin hurriedly making his way back towards civilization. Hakeem would then mutter a few words before waving his arms, palms facing himself. This would produce a nigh-invisible film that would then proceed to surround Hakeem. Heat would radiate from within this magical barrier, warming him up so as to make the cave almost\u00a0bearable. Hakeem shudders once more.\"That should keep me warm enough until I am done with this accursed place. This had better be worth it. A dragon's hoard is sure to contain all matter of books, perhaps even ones containing the knowledge of...\"Hakeem would then shake his head,\u00a0\"No, I must keep my thoughts on the business at hand. I cannot afford to be distracted in a place like this.\"He would squint his eyes, peering inside the cave before quickly tapping his staff against the snow-covered ground. The ruby topping the staff would begin to glow a deep red, illuminating an area of roughly thirty feet around himself.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "<i>Hakeem shivers as he approaches the mouth of the cave, the man standing next to him, presumably his guide, gives the cave a very frightful and cautious berth. He turns to look at Hakeem.</i>"}, "post-2900": {"user": "Askar", "user_num": 218, "timestamp": "1432260291000", "message": "Askar soared high above the tundra, his eyes narrowed at the flock of caribou beneath him. He was merely two miles from his home, and that might be far for others, but for Askar that was a minute of flapping his wings. He took a dive into the flock and with his coal black talons pierced the flesh of a strong buck, crushing its bones and piercing its organs almost immediately. Askar flapped his wings, taking the dripping corpse to the skies. It was a windy day in the pass, the only sound his otherwise very sensitive hearing was picking up was wind. Askar emitted a loud roar as he turned around for home, it was about time to sleep. The roar echoed throughout the many valleys and bounced off the walls of the mountains in the pass, one would easily be able to hear it from miles away. As Askar made his way home he noticed snow falling, a storm was drawing close.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Askar soared high above the tundra, his eyes narrowed at the flock of caribou beneath him. He was merely two miles from his home, and that might be far for others, but for Askar that was a minute of flapping his wings. He took a dive into the flock and with his coal black talons pierced the flesh of a strong buck, crushing its bones and piercing its organs almost immediately. "}, "post-2928": {"user": "Hakeem ibn Rai'q", "user_num": 222, "timestamp": "1432327503000", "message": "Hakeem would swear under his breath, tugging his robe up to keep the warmth trapped. He would carefully proceed further into the cave until met with a three-way intersection. Looking between the three openings he'd quickly decide to run into the leftward passageway. He'd find himself in what appears to be a storage room, looking around rather confused before realizing this is most likely where the dragon kept its provisions.\u00a0\"The irony of me finding my way into the area where this beast keeps its food...\"Hakeem would quickly tap his staff twice against the ground, which would dim the ruby on his staff. He'd need to find some place to hunker down and possible avoid the gaze of the dragon that no doubt is making its way back to this lair at this very moment. Hakeem would spot a pile of armor and bones, no doubt belonging to unlucky fools caught by the dragon, this would give him an idea. He'd walk over to the pile and try to make his way inside of it, covering himself with the piles of bones well enough to hopefully conceal himself from the dragon.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "<i>Hakeem would swear under his breath, tugging his robe up to keep the warmth trapped. He would carefully proceed further into the cave until met with a three-way intersection. Looking between the three openings he'd quickly decide to run into the leftward passageway. He'd find himself in what appears to be a storage room, looking around rather confused before realizing this is most likely where the dragon kept its provisions.\u00a0</i>"}, "post-2929": {"user": "Askar", "user_num": 218, "timestamp": "1432328755000", "message": "Askar landed with a heavy thump on the ledge, snow falling freely towards the pass below. Winds were howling and the comforting smell of home met Askar's nostrils. The corpse of the massive caribou hung from Askar's maw as he made his way into his cave, legs dangling as the warm blood spilled onto the ice that made up the floor. Upon reaching the intersection, Askar took a left to store the kill, his steps heavy as he made his way towards his storage. Hakeem would at this point be able to hear the dragon, each footstep sending echoes into every corner of the cave. Askar was now on display for Hakeem, that is if he could even see from his hideout. Askar threw the corpse lazily towards the pile of frozen animals, the crackling of bones audible as the kill collided with the ice. Askar didn't have the slightest clue that he had an intruder, he had gotten so used to being alone in the cave that even though his nose told  him otherwise, he simply ignored it. He had gone through too many hours of looking around empty tunnels simply to find that a raven had nested in his cave for that. \"Foolish birds\" thought Askar as he turned his massive body to face the exit. The dragon was over 160 feet in length, and that caused its tail to scrape alongside the walls of ice, producing an unnerving sound. Askar walked back up towards the intersection stopped for a moment, considering removing the raven for a moment. They had been known to fly in and steal rubies from time to time. With a growl he turned his snout towards the treasury and started looking. The growl echoed throughout the cave, the kind of growl that could make your rib cage tremble, it was simply that loud.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Askar landed with a heavy thump on the ledge, snow falling freely towards the pass below. Winds were howling and the comforting smell of home met Askar's nostrils. The corpse of the massive caribou hung from Askar's maw as he made his way into his cave, legs dangling as the warm blood spilled onto the ice that made up the floor. "}, "post-2950": {"user": "Hakeem ibn Rai'q", "user_num": 222, "timestamp": "1432395065000", "message": "Hakeem would slowly begin to emerge from his skeletal\u00a0camouflage, careful not to make any more noise then he has to. He would begin moving towards the entrance of the storage area before setting his eyes upon the massive beast slowly making its way away from him. His eyes would widen as the realization dawns on him that one wrong move would lead to his untimely demise.\u00a0He'd quietly let out a sigh as he begins slowly moving across the ice towards the mouth of the cave, hoping his soft shoes don't make too much noise. He'd keep his staff elevated so as not to touch the ground and his saber tightly strapped to his belt so that it also doesn't make too much noise. Hakeem would then think to himself:\"This is bad. I had thought the dragon a myth, or long dead, never had I imagined i'd see it with my own two eyes. I have no chance of taking this beast on by myself... I'll need help... but who would be so foolish as to fight a dragon?\"He'd continue making his way towards the mouth of the cave, hoping the dragon would keep itself sufficiently distracted.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "<i>Hakeem would slowly begin to emerge from his skeletal\u00a0camouflage, careful not to make any more noise then he has to. He would begin moving towards the entrance of the storage area before setting his eyes upon the massive beast slowly making its way away from him. His eyes would widen as the realization dawns on him that one wrong move would lead to his untimely demise.\u00a0</i>"}, "post-2951": {"user": "Askar", "user_num": 218, "timestamp": "1432396672000", "message": "Askar arrived at the treasury, his coal black eyes roaming the riches angrily. He took a few more steps into the room, turning his head at the walls, looking for an intruder. He inhaled through his nose, taking in all the different smells. \"Where are you, thief\" Askar muttered to himself, his voice deep and soothing, yet when used in an aggressive manner quite startling. It suddenly dawned upon the dragon that he wasn't catching the scent of a raven, he was smelling something that he hadn't had the pleasure of doing for centuries. \"Mrhmm\" sounded the dragon, a pleased chuckle following his annoyed growl. Slowly turning his head Askar peered at the tunnel he had come from. \"How exciting\" he muttered as he turned his enormous body around to face the exit. His voice rumbling, a slight rasp to it.Askar started sneaking back towards the intersection, as quietly as someone his size could, his eyes glaring with excitement and expectations. He hoped dearly that his intruder had been foolish enough to stay.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Askar arrived at the treasury, his coal black eyes roaming the riches angrily. He took a few more steps into the room, turning his head at the walls, looking for an intruder. He inhaled through his nose, taking in all the different smells. "}, "post-3052": {"user": "The Phoenix State", "user_num": 208, "timestamp": "1432660761000", "message": "A small red bird finds you in a cave inhabited by a dragon. Steam seams to resonate from the bird as it glides through the cave, never flapping. It would drop a message and a map.\"This letter might be a tad late, as the lands of ice are not charted on our maps. We would like to assist you on your journey into the lands of ice. We have formulated a squad that would be able to assist you in your quest. If you wish to have a successful campaign, please join us in Flo'Liare, our trade and travel capitol. If you accept, you can follow the map to the Risar Road and an escort provided by the Scout Union will take you to Flo'Liare.\"On the back was a map leading to the Risar Road. It would seem to start somewhere on the northern borders of the Free Plains. The map showed a straight shot through the lands to this road. No more was on the map, just his possible locations in Drumbar and the starting point for the Risar Road.\"P.S.- We pay well. Hope you will come and talk to us before it's too late.\" It stated at the bottom of the map.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "A small red bird finds you in a cave inhabited by a dragon. Steam seams to resonate from the bird as it glides through the cave, never flapping. It would drop a message and a map."}, "post-3091": {"user": "Askar", "user_num": 218, "timestamp": "1432692593000", "message": "Askar let out a raspy growl as he slithered up into the intersection of the cave, his long black claws scraping eagerly across the ice. To his great disappointment, the intruder had left the cave, but apparently left something for him, at least that was what the dragon assumed. Askar took heavy steps towards the paper, resting peacefully upon the ice. His eyes grew narrow as he lowered himself to decipher the writing. It was in the common tongue, a private letter. What did this mean? Did he drop it on purpose or was the intruder unlucky enough to leave a trail for Askar to follow?Askar finished reading the parchment, not knowing exactly where this \"Flo'Liare\" was located. Askar recollected that a region of mountains far to the south had a name quite similar, but in another tongue. Askar peered out into the vast pass, exhaling viciously as the thought of a human stealing from him kept lingering on in the back of his mind. Askar would walk out onto ledge, his weight crushing any ice that had formed across the mountain. With a violent leap Askar took to the skies, his humongous wings carrying him far above the pass in mere seconds. Someone had been in his cave with the direct goal to rob him of his riches and strip him of his hard earned knowledge. Simply unforgivable.-Exit-", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Askar let out a raspy growl as he slithered up into the intersection of the cave, his long black claws scraping eagerly across the ice. To his great disappointment, the intruder had left the cave, but apparently left something for him, at least that was what the dragon assumed. Askar took heavy steps towards the paper, resting peacefully upon the ice. His eyes grew narrow as he lowered himself to decipher the writing. It was in the common tongue, a private letter. "}, "post-3122": {"user": "Hakeem ibn Rai'q", "user_num": 222, "timestamp": "1432742428000", "message": "(This is before Askar's current post, sorry haven't had much time for the forum due to work related issues.)Hakeem makes his way out of the cave, hopefully avoiding the dragon's gaze. He would stumble into the bird as he makes his exit, and would be very confused as to it's purpose here, before reading the note and map. \"The Phoenix State? Flo'Laire... hmmm, I suppose some help would be welcome when dealing with a dragon. Yes, very well, I shall meet with this group of willing assistants.\"He would crumple up the note and map, committing the location to memory before setting off on his journey to Flo'Laire.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "(This is before Askar's current post, sorry haven't had much time for the forum due to work related issues.)"}, "post-3136": {"user": "Octavion", "user_num": 242, "timestamp": "1432769019000", "message": "Octavion had been wandering Drumbar for days, and finally his hard work paid off. He reached the top of the pass with a motivated soul and a greed that only treasure could silence. His old hands were bloodied, cold as he climbed the mountainside to reach the mouth of the cave, a climb that had been harder than first anticipated. Octavion tapped his staff, mumbling to check for any magical traps. Octavion would again tap his staff and this time a warm sensation surrounded him, making his time in the cave comfortable as opposed to lethal. He walked into the icy home of the dragon, knowing that it wasn't home. He had seen it flying south just a few hours earlier, giving him plenty of time. A wide smirk spread on his face, the anticipation almost too much. His steps were eager but were soon reduced to nothing as he met the intersection. Octavion wasn't much for waiting, so he simply kept walking straight forward. The cave was dark as night, so Octavian mumbled another spell, resulting in a small light glowing at the end of his staff. The light reflected beautifully on the ice but that was not why he was here. Octavion made it to the end of the tunnel, and the sight that met him sent his heart racing. Riches beyond his wildest imagination, tokens and relics of old, books everywhere. He let out an excited groan as he hurried himself over to the piles, his old greasy hair getting in the way of his eyes as he knelt. He removed his glove from his right hand, fetching a ruby the size of an orange from the pile, emitting an almost hysterical laughter of bliss. He stuffed his bags with jewels, enough to set him up with a comfortable life for god knows how long. He scurried over towards the books, flipping through the pages and taking a few of them into his satchel. They were ancient, filled with spells and knowledge. Octavion stepped back, his bags filled to the brink with the items he so desired. It was not enough for Octavion to rob the dragon, he wanted to leave his mark. His eyebrows furrowing down into a despicable grimace. \"Vesta Otegoth\" he roared, the ball of light at the end of his staff replaced by a large ember. \"Dro!\" he roared, pointing the staff towards the collection of literature. Even in these temperatures, the books caught flame. Octavion chuckled as only a mad man could, directing the flames with the tip of his staff to engulf the treasury in fire, burning anything flammable. He turned around as the flames spread, almost licking the very ceiling of the cave. He started pacing towards the tunnel he had come from, almost running at this point. He did not fancy the idea of being caught red handed. As he reached the mouth of the cave and prepared to descend, the light of the bonfire shone up through the cave, creating a stunning visual. It was time to return to Medan, it was time to enjoy the harvest of this difficult journey. It was time to go home. [Exit]", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Octavion had been wandering Drumbar for days, and finally his hard work paid off. He reached the top of the pass with a motivated soul and a greed that only treasure could silence. His old hands were bloodied, cold as he climbed the mountainside to reach the mouth of the cave, a climb that had been harder than first anticipated. "}, "post-3164": {"user": "The Phoenix State", "user_num": 208, "timestamp": "1432861052000", "message": "The small red bird remained hidden in the cave, silently watching Octavion. It never budged from it's spot till Octavian lit up the area. At that moment, the bird got a clear picture of Octavian and shot outside the cave, returning to where it came from.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "The small red bird remained hidden in the cave, silently watching Octavion. It never budged from it's spot till Octavian lit up the area. At that moment, the bird got a clear picture of Octavian and shot outside the cave, returning to where it came from."}, "post-3649": {"user": "Askar", "user_num": 218, "timestamp": "1433444676000", "message": "Askar landed with a loud thump on the ledge, ice and snow free falling to the pass below. It was good to be home, but his sense of smell which was extremely sensitive immediately picked up on something odd. It was the smell of ashes and something burnt, but why was it coming from within his cave? The enormous dragon entered through the mouth of the cave, his spiked tail scraping along the walls, the touching made him comfortable and at ease. The smell only got stronger, as if someone had been lighting a furnace. As Askar arrived at the intersection, he noticed that the ice had melted from certain areas of the walls. A menacing growl grew from under his breath, echoing throughout the cave. He had been suspicious upon smelling the ashes, but now he could confirm with himself that he had had a visitor during his leave. Askar violently turned right, storming down through the tunnel towards his sleeping area. This was where he kept his most valuable possessions. Trinkets, rare tomes and spell books of old he kept close by his sleeping area, not that he had any use for them, he just enjoyed them. Upon entering the vast sleeping area, he noted that his items were untouched. Askar made it back up to the intersection, his mind boiling with frustration and anger. He had been collecting these items for thousands upon thousands of years. Askar made his way down towards the treasury, his steps drawn out almost as if he didn't want to know just exactly what he would find. Upon reaching the room, he found himself short of breath.His books, his piles and heaps of books, all gone. Ashes were spread all over the area, covering the jewels and other valuables that were bunched up in the middle of the room. Sod had stuck to the walls, the ice all gone. All that was left were his riches, all flammable objects had perished. \"No...\" Askar spoke weakly, his voice barely crackling above a whisper. It had been an obsession of his for as long as he could remember, all that destroyed in an instant. \"No...\" He mumbled with a brittle voice, his black eyes flickering wildly at the scene. \"No!\" Askar roared, his voice guttural, ringing out into the pass all the way outside the lair. He threw his tail against the wall, stomping in a rage. Ice and stone alike broke and crackled under his force, sending bruises and marks into the very belly of the mountain. He was blind with rage, almost to the extent where he could not be near the scene. He knew that it was no good leaving behind the remnants of his collection, but in that moment all seemed forfeit. After Askar was done trashing the area, leaving walls cracked and the treasure flung about, he'd turn around and slowly make his way towards the intersection. He emerged from the treasury, his steps lazy and his wings dragging lazily. If Askar could cry, he would most certainly be doing so, but all he could was mourn. He dragged himself into his sleeping area, placing himself on the floor. He knew he wasn't going to be able to sleep, but he needed to lay down. The past week had been the most human interaction he had experienced in a long time, and rest was much needed. Askar eventually dozed off, leaving his worries behind for a better pastime.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Askar landed with a loud thump on the ledge, ice and snow free falling to the pass below. It was good to be home, but his sense of smell which was extremely sensitive immediately picked up on something odd. It was the smell of ashes and something burnt, but why was it coming from within his cave? "}, "post-3965": {"user": "Askar", "user_num": 218, "timestamp": "1433780283000", "message": "It had been half a week now. Askar had been falling in and out of sleep constantly. A storm had been raging on in Drumbar, forcing immeasurable amounts of snow onto the dwindling population of Caribou. Food has completely disappeared from Drumbar in the past centuries, with Caribou migration and hard winter came hunger, and that forced Askar to find a new source of food. In times of trouble Askar would usually fly west and live in alternate locations, but back then he had not feared intrusion and thievery. More than half of his treasure had been either stolen or burnt, a truly demoralizing event for him. Askar rose from the floor of the cave, slowly making his way up the tunnels, appreciating the iced walls and the chilled air of his home, after all it could be a while before he returned. Askar had been adamant in not leaving his cave again, but this crisis called for desperate measures. Askar dragged himself out into the mouth of the cave, the snow unusually high in the pass below. Askar dug his claws into the ice that covered the ledge, his tail swaying eagerly as he overlooked the vast tundra. Askar set off, snow and ice alike tumbling down into the pass below. Askar took to the skies, the mountains below him suddenly small. A dragon losing its treasure could be compared to a human losing a loved one, it was because of this that Askar was determined to regain his lost wealth. It was not long before Askar's wings had carried him out of Drumbar, the green plains and forests of an unknown kingdom unveiling themselves below him. [Exit]", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "It had been half a week now. Askar had been falling in and out of sleep constantly. A storm had been raging on in Drumbar, forcing immeasurable amounts of snow onto the dwindling population of Caribou. Food has completely disappeared from Drumbar in the past centuries, with Caribou migration and hard winter came hunger, and that forced Askar to find a new source of food. "}, "post-4118": {"user": "Yua", "user_num": 365, "timestamp": "1434031753000", "message": "A blizzard was nothing to one of the 'Snow People' and especially to one of talent such as Yua.  In his light robe that danced along with the storm, Yua approached the cave of a dragon. Surely one of the less intelligent things that he has done in his life.  His barefoot padded softly above the snow, hardly leaving a print as he neared the dragon's den.  In his cold hands was an orb that beat with a soft light. It was tamed ice imbued with the light of the moon, a treasure among his people as the Moon and Sun alike were rare occurrences to them. Finding a dragon's den was no easy task, it had took years to hear even a rumor of a dragon living in the north, but the 'Snow People' had the luxury of a long life.  Thus Yua had searched until he found the lair of the dragon who lived amongst the ice.  In this climate Yua felt at home, the wind and cold was like a matronly embrace to him.  Like a mother calling him  home to the North where he belonged. Not to the south where he feared his journey would take him.As Yua reached the mouth of the dragon's den his blue arm lifted the orb ever higher to illuminate the mouth of the passage. The void stretched on endlessly and the dark haired man hesitated to step inside.  The fury of dragons were legendary.  His people, the Neng Kho, were especially aware of the frost wyrms that hunted in their homeland.  But alas, Yua had come here with a purpose and so he stepped into the abyss with only the light of the orb to guide him in the dark. The dim light of the Moon trapped within the Tamed Ice was enough for the Neng Kho for he was not one unfamiliar with the dark.  The cold that would have defeated a human was vitalizing to him, and so he was encouraged and advanced onwards.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "A blizzard was nothing to one of the 'Snow People' and especially to one of talent such as Yua.  In his light robe that danced along with the storm, Yua approached the cave of a dragon. Surely one of the less intelligent things that he has done in his life.  His barefoot padded softly above the snow, hardly leaving a print as he neared the dragon's den.  In his cold hands was an orb that beat with a soft light. It was tamed ice imbued with the light of the moon, a treasure among his people as the Moon and Sun alike were rare occurrences to them. "}, "post-34423": {"user": "Askar", "user_num": 218, "timestamp": "1461377540000", "message": "Askar slept calmly in the refuge of his lair, having slept for nearly six months. His sleep would continue for a while longer, but soon enough the ancient dragon would awaken. ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Askar slept calmly in the refuge of his lair, having slept for nearly six months. His sleep would continue for a while longer, but soon enough the ancient dragon would awaken. "}, "post-35679": {"user": "Ka of Gravlor", "user_num": 571, "timestamp": "1462073454000", "message": "High in the atmosphere, slightly below the Troposphere, Gravlor flew. His form glistened in the Moonlight like the stars in the sky. Below him was a frozen land that he had not been to in over 500 years. When he was above his destination he would begin to circle, searching precisely for his father's lair.The search didn't take long and Gravlor's descent began. He would drop his head and fall into  nose dive. His wings would fold in around his form and his head would be positioned to cut through the air with the least resistance. It wouldn't take Gravlor long before he had to angle himself to slow down into a glide. This glide would carry him to the ledge he needed to be on.Askar would definitely hear the ice crack and the ground rumble when Gravlor landed. Before going inside, Gravlor would let a massive roar into the air, alerting Askar he was there and letting the creatures in the land know he was here. Once his roar was done, he made his way inside the cave.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "High in the atmosphere, slightly below the Troposphere, Gravlor flew. His form glistened in the Moonlight like the stars in the sky. Below him was a frozen land that he had not been to in over 500 years. When he was above his destination he would begin to circle, searching precisely for his father's lair."}, "post-35686": {"user": "Askar", "user_num": 218, "timestamp": "1462075498000", "message": "Askar opened his eyes calmly, the scaly lids rolling back to reveal the black pearls that were his eyes. He recognized the roar immediately, causing him to wonder what the cause of his sons visit might be. He rose from his resting area, the stone worn considerably in the shape of a dragons belly. He heard the steps, the breathing, the heart that was Gravlor's. He moved slowly, walking through the tunnel that would lead him to the intersection of his home.\u00a0\"I can only assume you are in great need of my help... Waking me like that\" His voice bellowed, echoing through the tunnel. His voice was that of an elderly dragon, deep and quite wise. \"Or what other reasons could bless me with your company, son?\" He asked, appearing in the mouth of the tunnel to face his boy. Askar was roughly the same size as his son, but age had caused his posture to make him seem slightly smaller. Gravlor was an elegant looking dragon of beautiful white, almost crystal scales. His features were sharp and appeared optimal for flying at high speeds. He was aerodynamic and sharp, where as Askar was quite brutish looking. Askar was generally speaking very muscular and strong, his body riddled with wear and numerous scars running down his otherwise spectacular torso. Askar had the strength to crackle a mountain, but was a little less spectacular when it came to flying.\u00a0Askar's eyes flickered across his sons body, only to meet his eyes as he came closer. \"It has been a long time my son. You have grown into a very respectable size... Tell me, why have you come?\". Despite Askar's blunt welcoming, he was quite excited to have Gravlor visiting.\u00a0", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Askar opened his eyes calmly, the scaly lids rolling back to reveal the black pearls that were his eyes. He recognized the roar immediately, causing him to wonder what the cause of his sons visit might be. He rose from his resting area, the stone worn considerably in the shape of a dragons belly. He heard the steps, the breathing, the heart that was Gravlor's. He moved slowly, walking through the tunnel that would lead him to the intersection of his home.\u00a0"}, "post-35691": {"user": "Ka of Gravlor", "user_num": 571, "timestamp": "1462080177000", "message": "\"I'm just here to say hello....\" Gravlor sniggered a bit.\"No, I have come to tell you the Red Sun has risen and we need to secure it before it falls in the hands of man. We know the power it brings into this world and the destruction it can create. I sense it in the southern regions. I can feel the power radiating there and they fail to see they are only fueling it. We are but two of few who can stand it's heat...\" Gravlor spoke in a more solemn tone.Gravlor bowed his head to his father, placing his jaw on the ground before raising back up. He would look at the cave that differed from his, but brought back memories.  ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "\"I'm just here to say hello....\" Gravlor sniggered a bit."}}