{"post-92334": {"user": "libertalianarrator", "user_num": 3526, "timestamp": "1562721435000", "message": "The Free State of Libertalia Libertalia is a huge island set in the middle of the ocean and lead by the pirate queen Captain Joanne \"Jonnie\" O'Malley and Admiralty Council. Libertalia was founded forty years ago by Captain Francis O'Malley, on the ideals of freedom, liberty, and prosperity, attracting those seeking safe haven, and those seeking to make a fortune in trade.Libertalia geographyLibertalia is a massive island, surrounded by massive cliffs and golden, untouched beaches. Further inland, dense forests cover the terrain leading up to its mountainous center, where a grand, dead volcano sits. The borders are patrolled by ships, always watching for those who underestimate Libertalia. Throughout the forests are lagoons, hot springs, and lakes, and the whole island is intersected by rivers that sprout from around the mountains and dead volcano at the center of the island.Along the cliffs that border the island sit secret entrances to the vast port inside the island, home of the island's home fleet which sail under Captain O'Malley's banner. These entries are hidden behind dense brush, waterfalls, and fortifications. From these cave systems, the home fleet is ready to defend the island, conduct raids, and other general mischievous activities.A true island paradise. Libertalia facilitiesThe city of Libertalia is located on the southern part of the island, leading from the old mines of the mountains all the way to the Liberty Docks. The bustling city is filled with everything anyone could want. Pubs, ale houses, feast halls, theatres, brothels, gambling houses, restaurants, shops of all kind, there's something for everyone in Libertalia. About a quarter of the city, mostly around the higher altitude and mountain regions, was initially built by the native dwarven nation, some of it renovated to accommodate taller folk, but a lot of it untouched. The underground quarter, all dwarven made, is home to almost all of the dwarven population, for obvious reasons, as well as halflings and the generally short. It's here where most of the equipment making, distilling and brewing, and other dwarven trades are conducted, as well as the mining operations. It has also become a convenient place to set up the Libertalia Public Vaults, established only ten years prior by the state, a sort of bank for people to keep their valuables, for a small fee. Before this, most had to make do with their own safes, bury their loot, or build their own hidden vaults away from the city. Not very secure...Above ground, among the usual grocers and tailors, one doesn't need to go far to find weapons dealers, spice merchants, livestock auction houses, drug dens and peddlers, if you want to buy something, anything, Libertalia has it. The Docks are of a decent size, able to accommodate up to ten trade ships at a time, with the construction of an expansion having just begun. It's most times the one place where you can buy and sell illicit cargo, including drugs, weapons, and artifacts, anything except for people. The Docks sit in the middle of the southern cove that makes up the horseshoe island, and is manned by some of the best trained labourers in the world. Large warehouses dot one side, while the sturdy docks themselves are dotted with four huge cranes, operated by Dwarf and Troll combos, one to do the delicate maneuvering, and the other to provide the raw power, pushing and pulling. Outside of the city are forts, villages, and outposts, home to island residences that want to get away from the noisy city. Crews often stick together and often set up a small slice of heaven for themselves, though still patrolled by Libertalia Peace Keepers. SocietyGovernmentThere is but one face of authority on Libertalia, Captain Joanne \"Johnnie\" O'Malley, \u201cThe Pirate Queen.\u201dCaptain Johnnie. This is the pirate queen that 'inherited' and rules over the island, though she detests the title. \u201cQueen\u201d, that's the sort of thing her father founded Libertalia, through blood, sweat, and manipulation, to escape. She always prefers the title of Captain. Her rise to power came from her father, a true blight on the seas, turned visionary, who passed away fourteen years prior, when Johnnie was only twenty two. Though there is no familial inheritance of power, the Admiralty voted in favour of Johnnie becoming the nation's mouthpiece, as she had learned everything there was to know from her father over her whole life, and in many places exceeded his capacities. Johnnie had also proved herself as a captain after leading her, and eventually her father's ship with both a natural talent and with a know-how she had gathered from her father.\u00a0Now, at age thirty-six, she is the be all and end all of politics on the island, as far as the outside is concerned. A wrathful dictator and miscreant. Of course, this is far from the truth. Though she is indeed a dictator, she is as fair and just as she is ruthless. Those who follow her laws are rewarded with a good life, those who don't are thrown into the sea. The poor look up to her, knowing they are safe under her doctrine designed for the people, and the rich are smart enough to admire her, and respect her, mostly because her island and laws are why they are able to get rich. Even with the outsiders believing her to be the only authority on the island, this is not the case. Johnnie relies on a team of advisors made up of trusted former and retired crew, and those who have proved her worth to her. They manage the economy, trade, and commerce, security, construction, home fleets, and everything in between. Without these people, O'Malley would have a tough time running things. Infrastructure would fail, construction would stall, and the economy wouldn't be booming as much as it is. These people trust her as much as she trusts them.One of the most noted of this council is Admiral Lila Harric, an elderly, possibly centuries old elf, formerly known as Captain Lila Ruthless Harric, former enemy and rival, turned friend of Francis O'Malley, and one of the co-founders of the island (and grand-ma figure to Johnnie in a round-about way). Truth be told, she was one of the few that understood and supported what Francis was going for, and once she was on board the others followed. She is in charge of the home fleet, due to her cunning, ruthlessness, patriotism, and literal centuries of experience. However, her knowledge is arguably much more important, especially on her ancient art of dye making. She creates a special dye used in trade flags, one that seems to glow but only lasts a month. This is key for safe trading within Libertalian waters (see Trade for details.) IncomeLibertalia is a land of no or low taxes. The few taxes they have are charged of the pirate lords that elect to build mansions or forts on the island, and most agree to it as support for their home. None of these taxes go into any individual pockets, however. This is another thing Johnnie built this island to avoid. Instead, all of these taxes go into the island's hoard vault, to be used on infrastructure, and construction of public facilities to support the island.Most of the island\u2019s income comes from island-owned businesses. Houses and warehouses that are rented out, island owned pubs, shops, brothels, etc. the proceeds of which all go into the workers' salaries and the island's vault. The income also comes from national trade, that being the buying and selling of cargo by Libertalia itself. These trades are conducted by the head of trade Admiralty Council member. The main exports for Libertalia are generally cargo they have traded for, stolen, or salvaged, but they also have a small industry in the island. The native dwarf population provide barrels of ale to be exported, the mines produce ores and minerals, and the dense forest and their lumber yards provide sturdy wood to be sent to lands without much vegetation. Of course, there are always more above-board ways to make money, ways the Captain Johnnie is planning to pursue. The peopleThe citizens are as diverse as they come, having come from all over the world to revel in the island paradise's many offers. Nobles with a sense of adventure, the poor who are seeking out a new life, thieves, smugglers, pirates and lowlives looking for safety, and traders looking to make coin, both legally and illegally. Many races can be found on the island, such as humans, elves, halflings, orcs, and everything in between - and some who don't even have a name in the common tongue. However the island\u2019s natives are dwarves. Libertalia was once a dwarven kingdom that fell into neglect and poverty over centuries, and were only a husk of their former glory before Francis O'Malley and the founding crews came to the island and offered them new life.The dwarves now revel in their newfound income, which has allowed them to resume mining, fire up the breweries again, and move into new professions, such as sailors, ship builders, Peace Keepers, business owners, and more. LawLibertalia is based on the freedoms given by its lack of laws. However, one can't operate a society without any laws whatsoever. So, the most heinous of crimes are still very much illegal, such as murder, rape, and maiming, to name a few. These laws are enforced by a security force named Peace Keepers, selected members of the various crews that call the island home, but mostly crews who operate under the Admiralty Council. These men and women are mostly there to break up fights when they are clearly won or lost and ensure no independent pirate crews get a bad idea. Thieving depends on those affected, and the severity. If someone steals from the old, defenseless, or poor, or the heist is large in nature the Peace Keepers will get involved (the latter is mostly to find those responsible and offer them a job with the island leaders. They can always use a good thief.) However, if those affected are rich, powerful, or clearly able to fight, they're on their own. They usually are pirates afterall. Because of the lawless nature of the island, it also acts as a safe haven for pirates, thieves, and general ne'er-do-wells. Having said that, common sense and respect for what the island is and stands for usually prevails. The inhabitants live by the Libertalia Code, and follow it lest they be chewed up and spat out by the Peace Keepers or their fellow islanders.  TradeMany independent ships come from all over to trade in just about anything. There aren't many trade restrictions; the only true contraband is people. Slaves are freed as soon as they are discovered aboard a ship, and those ships' captains and sometimes crews are more often than not punished, either by the authorities and Peace Keepers or by the other crews in Port. It's a free nation, slaves are counter productive to that goal. Weapons, drugs, sex, stolen goods, and legit cargo are all welcome to be sold in Port Liberty. Trade ships are first escorted to the island once they have made the arrangements with Libertalian scout ships and representatives in certain ports. Once escorted, they sign a contract with Libertalia, one where they ensure that they will never bring slaves to the island, and if they are found with them, the consequences will be dire. They also sign to ensure that they will obey the Libertalia Code, and will not aid other governments in actions against Libertalia. Once they are official trade ships with Libertalia, they are given a special glowing flag created by Admiral Lila Harric. This flag is to be raised upon entering Libertalian waters, stating the intent of trading in Port Liberty. These ships are not to be touched, but are encouraged to be escorted by any friendly ships. The Libertalia CodeThese 'laws' and restrictions are called the Libertalia Code, a code of conduct that Libertalians follow, much like the Pirate Codes of old.The Code covers the laws against slavery, the protections ordered by the Admiralty, and the laws discussed previously. However, parts of the code are unofficial, but still commonly accepted and enforced by not only the Peace Keepers, but also fellow pirates and Libertarians. Initially, the code was adapted from the Pirate Code, still followed on the open ocean. ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "<u><b><font size=\"4\">The Free State of Libertalia <br/></font></b><br/></u>"}}