{"post-82246": {"user": "The Inferno Assembly", "user_num": 1440, "timestamp": "1524718346000", "message": "A small outpost lay out in a field, with a strange warping effect deflecting the eyes of viewers. Only magically-inclined entities may see through the shroud.\u00a0 The outpost was a lumber-camp, maintained through the labors of employed air-mages. Three mages are enough for this task, and this miniaturized workforce would lead to these three lining their pockets. This assuaged the fears sparked by the distance of this camp from Central Command, but with these sorts of paychecks, desertion would be unlikely. After the detainment and exile of former Archmagi Attla, morale was low, but the nest-egg of their once-benefactor enabled operations such as these to continue.Over an acre of trees could be cut down in a working day, with the combined efforts of the three. Working caraveneers and a single guard staffed the rest of the camp, but they were contractors, employed at over half-pay of the air mages. This barely denting the contributed money for camp maintenance. As the wood would be felled, it would be exported out on two carriages. The enchanted wood would be collected and moved to the primary shipyard, a few miles off. The rest would be sold in nearby markets. This money seemed to be enough to keep the camp afloat, but money still needed to be contributed by the Inferno Assembly. Only half of the produced goods were sold, after all.A great, dead graveyard of logs lay in the wake of this logging. Over time, the heavily-forested area had been gradually deprived of its inhabitants, and for once in many millennia, the enchanted wood lay silent, save the whistling of the scything gales, cutting down even more trunks. A great display of the ruthlessness and damned efficiency of mankind.\u00a0", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "A small outpost lay out in a field, with a strange warping effect deflecting the eyes of viewers. Only magically-inclined entities may see through the shroud.\u00a0"}}