{"post-17802": {"user": "The Kingdom of Gauldin", "user_num": 882, "timestamp": "1449271608000", "message": "In this thread you will find post relating to the culture of the Kingdom of Gauldin beginning with a basic understanding of the social classes of Gauldin.On The Social Classes Of Gauldin.The Kingdom of Gauldin has been ruled by a monarchy for as long as any can remember. The king stands as the absolute head of the state his kingdom broken down into fiefs governed at his pleasure by his nobility. Though the king rules alone he strives to keep his lords and peasant folk happy, you see though the monarchy always reigns the family is not always the same. The Kingdom of Gauldin has a wealthy history of betrayal, scheming, and assassination. The current dynasty on the throne of Gauldin has ruled for three hundred years, a respectable amount given the family to rule before then only lasted two generations.The nobility of Gauldin is where most of the wealth is allocated. Although most do not stoop to controlling businesses themselves as they find it gauche, the nobility do finance ships for trading and military purposes. The also of course levy taxes from their people who till, hunt, fish, mine, grow and gather on what is considered royal land. The more savvy and less powerful nobles attend their duties with great toward to their people, and take more of a hand in their business ventures. These more socially conscious nobles are generally frowned on by the more powerful nobility.In recent years there has been a rise in what can be refereed to as a \"middle class\"  in Gauldin. The recently deceased King Valuri had very progressive views and granted the peasantry more freedoms. This middle class is mostly comprised of the merchants and artisans who formerly worked for the nobility. They were allowed to create their own businesses if they could afford the fees. The new \u201cmiddle class\u201d lacks the formal tittles and pedigree of the nobility, but some of them have already succeed in eclipsing lesser nobility in wealth. Due to their success most nobles will do business with them even as they turn up their noses and condemn them.The peasantry of Gauldin are simultaneously proud and discontent with their lot in the country. They have been taught that the monarchy is infallible and that their is the greatest civilization on earth since they were young. Their ingrained patriotism makes them easily stirred and recruited to fight against foreign powers. They also consider their villages, their food, their livestock, to be the best in the world and are even obscenely proud of the countries pride the air force. However despite their pride in both their country and monarchy many peasant find themselves discontent with their lot in life. Increased taxes, losing land to vineyards, mine waste contaminating water all of these things are gripped about though usually they blame the local lord not the king. The majority of the population is poorly educated though if the new king continues with the social progressive views of his father this may change. The final social class in Gauldin is the serf class who are little more than slaves. Most serfs are debtors and their families who were found unable to pay with money will be press ganged into manual labor. Forced to sign ridiculous and nearly impossible to escape contracts once a family falls into serfdom it is rare to escape. Only nobles may own a serf contract and they often abuse their power in order to silence malcontents within their fief. Nobles will send those that have irked them to tend their vineyards and work their mines. Most bemoan their fate as serfs though their are some notable exceptions. As serf contracts can be passed down for generations some noble families begin to see their serfs as part of the household. An excellent example is the staff of the royal family all of whom are technically serfs yet some of them live better then lesser nobility.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "In this thread you will find post relating to the culture of the Kingdom of Gauldin beginning with a basic understanding of the social classes of Gauldin."}}