{"post-2704": {"user": "The Phoenix State", "user_num": 208, "timestamp": "1431903778000", "message": "What is the purpose of The Phoenix State?The purpose of The Phoenix State is easy to understand; freewill and prosperity. Every aspect of this land and it's history is witness to it's purpose. They want to spread this purpose throughout the Overworld. Those who impose on the freewill and well being of someone are the enemy of The Phoenix State. With it's size and capabilities, The Phoenix State will do whatever it takes to achieve the overall goal of uniting the lands, ensuring that their freewill and well being are never infringed upon by any enemy, foreign or domestic.\u00a0Do I have to worry about Relgion?No. The Phoenix State does seem to have a common religion, the Kiraxo Scrolls. Amun Ra sits as an equal to the Six Faces. These Six Faces are what the religious judges(Basically a pope), answer to. Religious views are left out of all governing decisions. As long as one does not preach evil thoughts, such as harm or greed, there is no worry because they will not ask you anything about religion.What about Laws and Rules?We'll make this simple. Below will be the basic guidelines and consequences. If you can abide by these few laws, you're fine. Less is more.A) Thievery - One third of a finger to a whole hand will be removed for thievery depending on it's value . There is no tolerance for a thief.B) Killing - Damnation to a dark cell for the rest of your living life. We will ensure you live as long as you can.C) Rape - Removal of reproductive organs, via cutting or stitching, depending on gender.D) Child Abuse/Rape - Six weeks of private torture, two weeks to heal, and then a slow hot tar will be poured on you from your feet up. Corpse is thrown into the desert to rot.E) Fighting - As long as both live and nobody surrounding it is harmed, it will be overlooked. If one dies or someone is harmed, the victor will be punished with what damage they caused to someone else.\u00a0We do not believe in jail. The laws are set, the few that there are. If you can't follow them, we do not need you here. With so much freedom here, only those who respect it will live here.\u00a0What kind of government does The Phoenix State operate under?The Phoenix State is a Militaristic Democracy. Each tribe operates under it's own rulings, keeping their culture. The Phoenix State is simply a governing body with the sole responsibility of ensuring what they promise the tribes and peoples for their loyalty to the State. The government of The Phoenix State is to host an economy and provide protection. At any point, the tribes can vote these beings from their positions and elect new.\u00a0To help ensure the survival of the State's freewill and prosperity, military presence is found in every territory of The Phoenix State. All males are required to begin their military training at the age of four, females as the age of nine. Education is prominent, requiring all children to attend class every other day, allowing a day inbetween for other training or homework and chores.\u00a0With a lack of vegetation in The Phoenix State, the majority of the diet is meat. This puts the food trade in a good spot, trading dragon meat for vegetables and fruits from other tribes. The land is rich in various metal ores and dragons, allowing them to forge strong and valuable armor. There is a lot of room here to open trade with lands outside The Phoenix State.\u00a0The Phoenix State has a strong focus on science, with a specialty in medical and magical. A healthy state is an important key to ensure that our state exists for generations to come, always preparing for the next outbreak of sickness. The Phoenix State medical military personel will treat any person, no matter what side of the fight they are on. Life is life, no matter what flag they serve.The governing force is as follows:Pharoh - Main Power(Male)Pharess - Main Power(Female)Czar - Secondary Power(Male)Six Faces - Religious JudgesArch-Lord - High commander of all military forcesState Representatives - The diplomats and representatives of The Phoenix StateTribe Representatives - The diplomats and representatives of the tribes of the The Phoenix StateChieftain - Leader of a tribeMedical Captain - Medical and education representative of each tribeMilitary Forces:Phoenix State Royal Forces-The Royal Forces is a self-efficient branch of military, containing heavy mounts and air mounts. These are also the most up to date, highest trained mass force. The Royal Forces are usually deployed first due these facts. The Royal Forces are also known for magic users and educated beings.Valheecius Grand Army-The Valheecius Grand Army is mainly a ground force trained to simply rain hell on their enemies. The military branched for for the citizens and owned by the citizens. They are fierce and well equipped. The Grand Army is notorious for being sent in last to finish the job with their high energy, warmongering ways.\u00a0Phoenix State Marine ForceGreydan Imperial Guard-Founded from the Greydan Band, this private military faction is trained in the Greydan ways. The Greydan Imperial Guard is generally found exploring and conquering new lands. Also a common choice for Six Faces when going on missions.\u00a0The Phoenix State Royal Navy - Coming Soon[Spec. Ops.]Phoenix State S.O.L.E. (Sea or Land Equipped) - Coming SoonScout Union-The Scout Union is a private organization that is extensive on their background checks, commonly using psychics to sort out who is there for the right reasons and who is not. The Scout Union is used for scouting land ahead and spying. The Scout Union is one of the main reasons the actual combat units can function the way they do.\u00a0Phoenix State Air Force - Coming SoonThe Phoenix State Internation Medical Operations - Coming SoonSo if you want to be part of something that wants a permanent spot in history, somewhere in this world that is safe, and if you are ill or hurt, you can get help; you need to join The Phoenix State. With opportunity around every corner, you chance to make your mark in time is now, as a proud citizen of The Phoenix State.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "<div style=\"text-align:center;\"><b>What is the purpose of The Phoenix State?</b></div>"}, "post-5005": {"user": "The Phoenix State", "user_num": 208, "timestamp": "1436065452000", "message": "This is a democracy and it takes everyone to structure this, so if anyone in the TPS or outside have any questions or comments, they are welcome.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "This is a democracy and it takes everyone to structure this, so if anyone in the TPS or outside have any questions or comments, they are welcome."}}