{"post-92899": {"user": "Satsuki Yamaoka", "user_num": 3552, "timestamp": "1565033044000", "message": "The stretch of sea frequented by ships flowing through from Quying ports to the docks of the East Isran Trading Company, these waters are regularly patrolled by the infamous Satsuki Yamaoka and her brigade of warships from Quying. many a pirate have met their end here, and many more shall find the same.\u00a0", "link_list": [], "image_list": ["https://images.fineartamerica.com/images/artworkimages/mediumlarge/1/chinese-junk-oliver-hurst.jpg"], "html": "<div style=\"text-align:center;\">The stretch of sea frequented by ships flowing through from Quying ports to the docks of the East Isran Trading Company, these waters are regularly patrolled by the infamous Satsuki Yamaoka and her brigade of warships from Quying. many a pirate have met their end here, and many more shall find the same.\u00a0</div>"}, "post-92906": {"user": "Satsuki Yamaoka", "user_num": 3552, "timestamp": "1565037336000", "message": "\"What do the reports say?\" She barked, her eyes unflinching from the distant speck bobbing on the calm surface of the ocean waves, the gentle citrine glow on the dark rolling waves illuminating the silhouette of the foreign sailing ship. She could see little from here, but she was hesitant to pull the Rakurai any closer before she knew what exactly they were dealing with. Pirates would be easy, she would've had the rowers ramming them full throttle towards the ship without a second thought, but they didn't fly threatening flags, and this ship was far too pristine and well crafted to be any old stolen pirate's scrapper.\u00a0\"Nothing good, Yamaoka-dono. I checked, double checked, triple checked, and their whole scouting crew came back with the same story.\" her signaler sputtered out, his eyes wide, feet incessantly pacing back and forth across the bow.\u00a0\"Which was?\" she grumbled, sounding almost disinterested in his theatrics, his frazzled disposition did little to unsettle her, not that she hadn't made note of it, but that it was ultimately irrelevant to their procedure moving forward.\"Yokai, or some other horrid monsters wandering their deck, the helm is manned by some... monster of a captain, like her head was swallowed up by an octopus, a-apparently.\" he continued, doing his best to relay the information their scouting boat had brought back from it's cursory inspection of the unknown ship.\u00a0A smirk tugged at Yamaoka's lips, her foot pressing firmly off the rostrum as she stood up straight from her position leering over the edge of the lower deck, folding either arm behind her back as she pivoted on a heel and started making an even pace for the commander's tower. Her signaler was hot on her heels.\u00a0\"The Floating Circus.\" She stated simply, making her way through the lower decks and up towards the top deck.\u00a0\"You know the ship?\" her entourage quickly hissed.\"Only stories, but enough to work off of. They're pirates, allegedly reformed, like the rest of the scum who call Libertalia home. I'm not buying it but...I cannot say for sure they're hostile. They didn't sink our scout ship after all. A whole crew of freaks, I've been told. It's not something I'd exactly welcome in our waters, but we'll let them pass this time if they're not looking to cause trouble.\" she explained, signally wordlessly with a hand as she passed the flights of rowers to ready themselves to move forward.\u00a0\"How will we proceed, admiral? Your orders?\" her signaler asked, now keen for answers so he could do his duty moreso than his concern about the unidentified ship.\"We'll move in for a direct approach while the kobaya circle in from the rear. I don't want them going anywhere but...keep a generous distance, no need to make them feel threatened if they're peaceful...and I want a safe margin for retreat if they open fire unannounced. If we're attacked, the scout ships are to pull back immediately. We signal for their captain upon approach, this'd all be much easier if I could speak to the thing helming their ship face to face, if it even knows how to speak and if it even has a face, I suppose.\" She explained, whisking the young samurai away as he ran off to see her orders communicated to the two smaller ships at her command. She made her way up to the command tower and gave the rousing call: all rowers, forward advance.From the distant waves, ships would approach The Crimson Maggie. A large sekibune lined with oars, making a direct approach their bow: the Rakurai Maru, with two much smaller ships approach from the left and right, on trajectories curving out from either side of the flagship. The signalers relayed messages of caution, but non-hostile intent to the sailing vessel as they approached. This was followed by signals asking for the ship's captain. Yamaoka watched from high atop her captain's tower, wondering what they would receive in response to their approach. She hoped for friendly flag signals back, but fully anticipated arrows and boarding hooks.\u00a0\u00a0", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "<b>\"What do the reports say?\" </b>"}, "post-92911": {"user": "Desdemona McHerne", "user_num": 3533, "timestamp": "1565039295000", "message": "\u201cAre they scouting us again? Bloody hell, can\u2019t even roam the sea after a good hunt these days, eh?\u201d, she steered the wheel ever so slightly, showing no hostile maneuvers. The ships looked odd to her. No sails, no music, everyone wore a dour face. \u201cA military ship then, Cap\u2019n. From Tawakoshi.\u201d, said the little creature of purple colour, wearing noting but a top hat, riding an oversized crab. \u201cYour deduction continues to marvel me, Poik. Should have worked a fucking detective\u201d, she cut with sarcastic humour. \u201cNow, make yourself bloody useful and make sure everyone is ready dance. Tell Vincent to play that violin of his louder, we\u2019ll make a grand performance if they want to dance, eh?\u201d.  She observed their main ship start to move faster, and a flag raised. \u201cThey want to speak?\u201d, she was confused to say the least. Usually they were attacked and she lost some equipment and gained some more money, and that\u2019s that. \u201cWell, shit, apparently they have flags but not sails. Lenny! Raise a flag. Lads and lasses, and you, whatever the fuck you are, Oew, be ready to dance. I\u2019m serious their ship looks important, we may have provocated a slightly bigger moving chest.\u201d, although she just freed them of a monster. She checked the rapier on her belt and looked over the crew. Well, if they weren\u2019t unpredictable, she didn\u2019t know what they were. She slowed the ship a little and waited for the response from the military ship. ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "\u201cAre they scouting us again? Bloody hell, can\u2019t even roam the sea after a good hunt these days, eh?\u201d, she steered the wheel ever so slightly, showing no hostile maneuvers. The ships looked odd to her. No sails, no music, everyone wore a dour face. \u201cA military ship then, Cap\u2019n. From Tawakoshi.\u201d, said the little creature of purple colour, wearing noting but a top hat, riding an oversized crab. \u201cYour deduction continues to marvel me, Poik. Should have worked a fucking detective\u201d, she cut with sarcastic humour. \u201cNow, make yourself bloody useful and make sure everyone is ready dance. Tell Vincent to play that violin of his louder, we\u2019ll make a grand performance if they want to dance, eh?\u201d. "}, "post-92927": {"user": "Satsuki Yamaoka", "user_num": 3552, "timestamp": "1565093331000", "message": "As the Rakurai sped forward it came to a gentle, gradual decline, listing slowly towards the other ship, the upper deck of either ship perpendicular to one another, the space between their hulls a solid few meters, but close enough that those standing on deck could speak reasonably easy with raised voices. They had flashed friendly flags, enough to the point that the Rakurai and her crew didn't open fire as they closed in. On he contrary, Yamaoka signaled men to remain ready but at ease. She quickly strode her way from the command tower and out along the edge of the top deck where the two ships came closest to touching one another, wordlessly flanked by a small entourage of samurai who littered the ship's exterior. Yamaoka braced a single foot on the lip of the ship's edge and stood proud at attention as she faced the Crimson Maggie.Her nose scrunched in disgust as she saw the horrid beasts stalking around their deck. All manner of demon, crab men and fishy looking things, it turned the stomach, they were unnatural, subhumans. She let a scoff slip between her lips before she continued. \"If you...things, speak common, bring your captain to starboard. I need to speak with them directly, immediately! This ship is in violation of nautical code, failure to fly proper identification flags, and I definitely haven't seen this ship in these waters before. You're encroaching on Yamaoka trade territory, under the protection and provision of Quying's navy as well as the East Isran Trade Company. I demand your captain identify themselves and state their business here immediately or you will be treated as pirates moving forward.\" she snapped, her voice just below a yell, eyes staring steely daggers into whatever of the Maggie's crew was closest to their starboard approach. It was clear the 'admiral' was not playing around, her conviction unflinching as she spoke. A hand hovered gently on the katana which rested at her waist, ready for signs of noncompliance.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "As the Rakurai sped forward it came to a gentle, gradual decline, listing slowly towards the other ship, the upper deck of either ship perpendicular to one another, the space between their hulls a solid few meters, but close enough that those standing on deck could speak reasonably easy with raised voices. They had flashed friendly flags, enough to the point that the Rakurai and her crew didn't open fire as they closed in. On he contrary, Yamaoka signaled men to remain ready but at ease. She quickly strode her way from the command tower and out along the edge of the top deck where the two ships came closest to touching one another, wordlessly flanked by a small entourage of samurai who littered the ship's exterior. Yamaoka braced a single foot on the lip of the ship's edge and stood proud at attention as she faced the Crimson Maggie."}, "post-92936": {"user": "Desdemona McHerne", "user_num": 3533, "timestamp": "1565110687000", "message": "Desdemona walked towards the place on the ship where Satsuki could clearly hear her. She briefly noted the hovering hand and the blade beneath it, giving a little smirk to the captain of the opposing ship. They all come so comfidemt that they will \u201ccleanse\u201d the seas from us, and then they rest beneath the waves with that thought. She hopped on to meet Satsuki.\u201dOi. We didn\u2019t know about your bloody nautical code, neither did we dod any harm to your degenerate ships. We actually did quite a favor to you\u201d, she gestures beneath the ship. \u201cMighty fucking thing it was. Haven\u2019t seen that many eyes since P\u00fcvnik. You be careful in these waters,eh? Might bite of ya leg\u201d, she mockingly addressed the captain of Rakurai and her crew. \u201cSo what are you, a patrol? Then know this. We hunt wherever and whenever we want. We need no flag, we need no license. If you aren\u2019t a monster, you\u2019re safe. Although, I doubt you made it to your position without being one.\u201dAt this point the violin from Crimson Maggie started to intensify and some members of the crew were even dancing, all armed but provocative, similarly to Rakurai. \u201cLook, we don\u2019t want to have any unwanted bloodshed. Does Tawakoshi really need to lose a whole ship full of people?\u201d, her voice humorous and playful. Her eyes, though, almost tore away at Satsuki, their pupil-less depth seeming dead, almost as if they belonged to someone who has been drowned. ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Desdemona walked towards the place on the ship where Satsuki could clearly hear her. She briefly noted the hovering hand and the blade beneath it, giving a little smirk to the captain of the opposing ship. They all come so comfidemt that they will \u201ccleanse\u201d the seas from us, and then they rest beneath the waves with that thought. She hopped on to meet Satsuki.\u201dOi. We didn\u2019t know about your bloody nautical code, neither did we dod any harm to your degenerate ships. We actually did quite a favor to you\u201d, she gestures beneath the ship. \u201cMighty fucking thing it was. Haven\u2019t seen that many eyes since P\u00fcvnik. You be careful in these waters,eh? Might bite of ya leg\u201d, she mockingly addressed the captain of Rakurai and her crew. \u201cSo what are you, a patrol? Then know this. We hunt wherever and whenever we want. We need no flag, we need no license. If you aren\u2019t a monster, you\u2019re safe. Although, I doubt you made it to your position without being one.\u201d"}, "post-92959": {"user": "Satsuki Yamaoka", "user_num": 3552, "timestamp": "1565183467000", "message": "Satsuki grimaced as the betentacled captain of the ship started spewing all sorts of drivel from her mouth. She was getting agitated already, and it seemed the other captain was feeling the same, the tension was bubbling beneath their boats. \"Ignorance is hardly an excuse, but we'll overlook it this time.\" She grumbled. Who did this woman think she was? Walking around like she was something worth respect. Hardly, she was a stranger to these seas, and Yamaoka had very little patience for incompetence. To wash up in these waters unnanounced and unmarked, not even knowing, that was gross incompetence in her eyes.This critique was prominently followed by a harsh, breathy, almost regal laugh as the captain went on to assert her trespassing, illegal fishing, and unruly answers were some great charity to the company. \"You did us a favor? If encroaching on protected waters, hunting sea life unsanctioned, and taking an attitude with someone whose most certainly your superior is what you consider a favor, I'd hate to see what you consider an aggression. You're in no place to talk about monstrosities, It looks to me like you've infested our waters with more beasts than you've killed, girl. And you're wrong, you need whatever the hell we say you need, because we're the ones in control here.\" she affirmed sternly, looking down the bridge of her nose at the curious captain of the other ship, clear disgust and annoyance contorted on her face.\u00a0\"I have no great desire to dirty my deck with your blood either, but I also hold few reservations about it if necessary. Idle threats certainly aren't helping your case, and I assure you you have a lot more on the line to lose here than Tawakoshi does. Your options are as follows: We escort you back to unclaimed waters and you never show your freakish face in this part of the sea again, or you confirm your status as criminals, and face your punishment accordingly. The decision is yours, Captain.\"\u00a0Yamaoka firmly explained, brows firmly furrowed, teeth clenched tight behind her lips as she waited for a response from the other woman. Yamaoka had still not given the order for her men to ready themselves for an immediate attack, so it seemed like the potential to avoid a full on battle was still in the cards, if Desdemona was perceptive enough to make note of this.\u00a0", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Satsuki grimaced as the betentacled captain of the ship started spewing all sorts of drivel from her mouth. She was getting agitated already, and it seemed the other captain was feeling the same, the tension was bubbling beneath their boats. "}, "post-92963": {"user": "Desdemona McHerne", "user_num": 3533, "timestamp": "1565194233000", "message": "As the words continued to vomit their way out of Satauki\u2019s mouth, the look of a pleasant surlprise and a similar smile grew on Desdemona\u2019s face. She heard her share of insults and was not even paying a shard of attention to that, neither did her crew, rather she was interested in the manner this girl spoke. \u201cLook, I didn\u2019t think I will have to explain simple procedure of occupation to you here but it looks like the case. Me and my crew, we are bloody professionals at hunting monsters and\u00a0the likes of mindless imbeciles as you, who cannot appreciate a simple favor. We are able to kill such monsters with ease and without casualties because of our expirience in such endeavors. Now, your crew on the other hand, do noting much but stare in the blue and report back.\u201d, throughout the whole explanation Desdemona purposefully gestured with her hands, almost treating Satsuki as a child. \u201cMoving on, themthings that we kill can hardly be considered as sea life, because in case of it being sentient and able to rationally think, which you evidentially cannot, they become the member of this beautiful crew or bloody perish. My only remotely possible superior is this majestic ocean itself and no more. Finally, the only thing that you are remotely right about, is that you woul absolutely hate to see what aggression of the Floating Circus looks like. I said remotely because you would only be able to hear it, as your eyes will be way up your arse by the time we arrive at the point where I become aggressive, and if you call me girl one more time, your tongue will join your eyeballs. Let me make this perfectly clear, there are no options here. We just leave these waters in peace, and come back whenever we damn please. With all honestly I\u2019m not in the mood of skinning another mindless beast.\u201dShe chuckled a little to herself. After all, she wandered the waters of all continents, actively eradicating beasts with contracts and without. This was almost becoming a routine to her, and she may have been starting to feel tired of it. The girl on the opposite shit one the other hand, seemed to be seriously invested in this. For Des this was little more than another inconvenience on the way home, although a credible one.Desdemona puts her palm over the handle of her blade and feels the salty wind on her face for a moment, and then proposes. \u201cListen, if you really need to sheathe your little toothpick today, then let it be a duel. Your crew won\u2019t stand a bloody chance in a battle\u201d.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "As the words continued to vomit their way out of Satauki\u2019s mouth, the look of a pleasant surlprise and a similar smile grew on Desdemona\u2019s face. She heard her share of insults and was not even paying a shard of attention to that, neither did her crew, rather she was interested in the manner this girl spoke. \u201cLook, I didn\u2019t think I will have to explain simple procedure of occupation to you here but it looks like the case. Me and my crew, we are bloody professionals at hunting monsters "}, "post-92971": {"user": "Satsuki Yamaoka", "user_num": 3552, "timestamp": "1565207529000", "message": "\"I don't care if you're the goddamned Empress, your status as a professional anything, and let's be clear, I think you're a far shot from professional, is wholly irrelevant to the circumstances here. Secondly, you make it apparent you're a stranger to these waters, and an overzealous fool, to speak of my crew without even a speck of knowledge on the subject. This is the Rakurai Maru, you're speaking to Captain Satsuki Yamaoka, the eldest daughter of the Yamaoka family, privy nobility to Daimyo Zuikaku. I've buried more pirate ships at the bottom of this ocean than you've seen in your life, and like it or not, your reputation as nothing more but a dirty sea thief follows your ship like the stink of rotting fish that wafts off your deck, so maybe it's time you smarten up and start listening. Your disgrace of a crew, their origins, and their capacity for rational thought is of equal non-importance, and trust me, there was little question that they're cut of the same tainted cloth you claim to be out here hunting.\" she spat back, becoming visibly irate as she was talked down to by that creature of a captain, as if she was somehow anything better than the dirt that caked the bilge bottom.\"I fear for your crew more than mine, they're demons of the sea, we would be righteous in putting them all in a watery grave, not a single person would question our duty in doing so, you certainly wouldn't return to Tawakoshi prisoners, rather a sea tale, of our triumph victory over a ship teeming with yokai. However, I'm feeling charitable, and my commitment to the rule of law supersedes\u00a0my disgust and frustration with you. I'll extend to you the kindness of a trial by combat. If you win, you and your ship sail freely through these waters from now on, I'll even make it a point to see you added to the official operations log back at port. If I win, you surrender yourself to the state and we take you back to Tawakoshi to rot away in a cell for the next few months, and your crew swims back to whatever sea cave they crawled out of. Let's see if your mettle is as big as your mouth, girl.\" she explained, her voice becoming more playful and coy as she went on, borrowing some of that mischievous energy from the other captain. It was rare Yamaoka got to have moments like this anymore, the officiality of her growing ranks in the navy came with it far less leniency in conduct. She felt like she was living, scrapping with the squid-like sea dog on the other ship. A thin smirk marked her lips as she emphasized the use of the word 'girl' once again, an active challenge of the woman's earlier threat.\u00a0The samurai which flanked the serious sea captain backed away from her several steps, creating a large, wide 'ring' of grisly warriors around where the deck met the edge of the Crimson Maggie. Satsuki waved an open palm to the freshly freed space, inviting the challenger in question to come join in her the ring. She gently tugged her katana from it's saya, the sleek slipping sound of the metal against the lacquer a prominent punctuation on the act of her drawing the blade. She held the sword firmly in her hand, awaiting the sea hunter to draw her own, the glint of the sinking sunk casting sharp glares on the lenses of her glasses and the brilliant shimmering blade of her sword. This would be a dramatic duel.\u00a0\u00a0", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "<b>\"I don't care if you're the goddamned Empress, your status as a professional anything, and let's be clear, I think you're a far shot from professional, is wholly irrelevant to the circumstances here. Secondly, you make it apparent you're a stranger to these waters, and an overzealous fool, to speak of my crew without even a speck of knowledge on the subject. This is the Rakurai Maru, you're speaking to Captain Satsuki Yamaoka, the eldest daughter of the Yamaoka family, privy nobility to Daimyo Zuikaku. I've buried more pirate ships at the bottom of this ocean than you've seen in your life, and like it or not, your reputation as nothing more but a dirty sea thief follows your ship like the stink of rotting fish that wafts off your deck, so maybe it's time you smarten up and start listening. Your disgrace of a crew, their origins, and their capacity for rational thought is of equal non-importance, and trust me, there was little question that they're cut of the same tainted cloth you claim to be out here hunting.\" </b>"}, "post-92981": {"user": "Desdemona McHerne", "user_num": 3533, "timestamp": "1565280579000", "message": "\u201cWell, if really have to do this... Vincent, come closer so we can hear you music better\u201d, she says after most of Satsuki\u2019s words fly be her. She touches the handle of her weapon and draws it out of sheath a little, and with it a few electrical sparks run through the blade. Desdemona\u2019s movements become much more fluid and quick, her tendrils noticeably becoming still and tense. She hopped on the open circle and gave a look around Satsuki\u2019s crew. She didn\u2019t need to say anything, instead she fully unsheathed the cutlass that was something in between it and a rapier, her other hand free and ready. She put the cutlass close to her body, quick inky-blue sparks running through it once more, and readied for the first lunge from Satsuki. \u201cAlright then, let\u2019s finish this so I can continue my lovely evening. Hope you are not as slow as you seem, although I expect you to be good if you are a Captain\u201d, she was a honest with her judgement, and at this point the game of words seemed to come to an end, and the much more dangerous dance of steel was on the horizon. While this was happening, an old seeming man approached the place where Desdemona stood before and started playing a slow, yet empowering melody from his black, wooden violin. Even to a deaf person it would seem exciting and beautiful. Upon a closer look, one could notice that the eyes of said man absent, instead there were two black abyss-like holes with ink leaking out of them. \u201cAh, always loved to fight to Vincent\u2019s tune\u201d", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "\u201cWell, if really have to do this... Vincent, come closer so we can hear you music better\u201d, she says after most of Satsuki\u2019s words fly be her. She touches the handle of her weapon and draws it out of sheath a little, and with it a few electrical sparks run through the blade. Desdemona\u2019s movements become much more fluid and quick, her tendrils noticeably becoming still and tense. She hopped on the open circle and gave a look around Satsuki\u2019s crew. She didn\u2019t need to say anything, instead she fully unsheathed the cutlass that was something in between it and a rapier, her other hand free and ready. She put the cutlass close to her body, quick inky-blue sparks running through it once more, and readied for the first lunge from Satsuki. \u201cAlright then, let\u2019s finish this so I can continue my lovely evening. Hope you are not as slow as you seem, although I expect you to be good if you are a Captain\u201d, she was a honest with her judgement, and at this point the game of words seemed to come to an end, and the much more dangerous dance of steel was on the horizon. While this was happening, an old seeming man approached the place where Desdemona stood before and started playing a slow, yet empowering melody from his black, wooden violin. Even to a deaf person it would seem exciting and beautiful. Upon a closer look, one could notice that the eyes of said man absent, instead there were two black abyss-like holes with ink leaking out of them. \u201cAh, always loved to fight to Vincent\u2019s tune\u201d"}, "post-92990": {"user": "Satsuki Yamaoka", "user_num": 3552, "timestamp": "1565353113000", "message": "Yamaoka found herself pleasantly enjoying the music coming from the foreign ship, the screech of strings seemed fitting for the intensity of a duel. Yamaoka watched as her challenger tensed herself and hopped into their makeshift ring, watching the girl prepare her blade to bite on behalf of her freedom. Yamaoka's advantage would be her speed, her sword likely lighter, and the reach of her slashes, her blade probably an inch or two longer than the cutlass the pirate captain clutched. However, her defensive options were quite limited in comparison to the sabre like blade the other woman wielded with it's hand guard and more curved blade catch, not only this, but such a sword was designed in some part to be used single handedly, meaning a thrust from such a blade would far outreach her own effective operating distance. She needed to get in close, where the girl couldn't capitalize on these things. She maintained her smirk as the tentacled terror goaded her about her potential in battle, her speed, her efficiency. \"I assure you you won't be disappointed. Let's see if your reputation lives up to the esteem, or if your men have been doing your dirty work all this time.\" She commented in turn. With the 'pleasantries' settled and the ring established, there was nothing left to do but launch into the battle itself. It seemed the samurai girl would be first to strike, and she opens with something fairly complex, hoping to show her potential, as well as catch her opponent off guard. Yamaoka stepped forward, her blade held in two hands by her head, the dull spine resting just above her shoulder. As she steps in with a leading foot, her wrists contort, and she throws a slash towards Desdemona from below, the blade quickly spinning down to fall in line with her side and rising back up in a fluid motion, attempting to hit her with a diagonal slice from the right hip to the left shoulder. The flick of the blade is quite fast, but the power behind the strike itself would lack a brutal impact, by nature of the cutting posture, if it managed to hit its mark.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Yamaoka found herself pleasantly enjoying the music coming from the foreign ship, the screech of strings seemed fitting for the intensity of a duel. Yamaoka watched as her challenger tensed herself and hopped into their makeshift ring, watching the girl prepare her blade to bite on behalf of her freedom. Yamaoka's advantage would be her speed, her sword likely lighter, and the reach of her slashes, her blade probably an inch or two longer than the cutlass the pirate captain clutched. However, her defensive options were quite limited in comparison to the sabre like blade the other woman wielded with it's hand guard and more curved blade catch, not only this, but such a sword was designed in some part to be used single handedly, meaning a thrust from such a blade would far outreach her own effective operating distance. She needed to get in close, where the girl couldn't capitalize on these things. "}, "post-93017": {"user": "Desdemona McHerne", "user_num": 3533, "timestamp": "1565640510000", "message": "Desd\u00e9mona shifted slightly to the tune of music, and observed the movements of Satsuki closely. As her katana was approaching, cutting through the salty air, Desdemona playfully parried it to the side with a sound of metal rubbing against each other, although she did not expect the speed of the blade to be quite so light, which resulted in a small cut near the thigh. \u201cGood, at least you can swing it decently\u201d, she spoke as her tendrils fully extended in the air almost freezing there, and her movements becoming almost too fluid and fast too predict or observe. She attempted to make a swift step left of Satsuki\u2019s, faking an undercut at the same time actually spinning the blade and making a thrust to her ribs, electrical sparks \u00a0flashed across the blade from time to time. She kept her distance, taking advantage of her reach and hand guard for parries, her free hand also seemed ready to grapple or hit Satsuki at any opening. Desdemona\u2019s blows seemed to carry less force than speed and precision, compensated by fine control of the blade and extraordinary footwork.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Desd\u00e9mona shifted slightly to the tune of music, and observed the movements of Satsuki closely. As her katana was approaching, cutting through the salty air, Desdemona playfully parried it to the side with a sound of metal rubbing against each other, although she did not expect the speed of the blade to be quite so light, which resulted in a small cut near the thigh. \u201cGood, at least you can swing it decently\u201d, she spoke as her tendrils fully extended in the air almost freezing there, and her movements becoming almost too fluid and fast too predict or observe. She attempted to make a swift step left of Satsuki\u2019s, faking an undercut at the same time actually spinning the blade and making a thrust to her ribs, electrical sparks \u00a0flashed across the blade from time to time. She kept her distance, taking advantage of her reach and hand guard for parries, her free hand also seemed ready to grapple or hit Satsuki at any opening. Desdemona\u2019s blows seemed to carry less force than speed and precision, compensated by fine control of the blade and extraordinary footwork."}}