{"post-89917": {"user": "X", "user_num": 3398, "timestamp": "1557028162000", "message": "A faint breeze played across a distant meadow, casting various strands of lush green grass to bat about wildly against one another. The moon hung high in the sky, interwoven with a backdrop of searing white stars that stood vigil over the meadow below. A single stream cut through the meadow, its flowing cool waters disturbed by  a jutting piece of stone that sent the clear liquid cascading down a great distance. Over the roar of the pouring water, a woman's voice could be heard echoing against the stone work below. Beneath the waterfall, up against the rocky base that was carved out behind the onslaught of water, a woman carrying a basket packed with berries and other fruits waddled. The woman was clad in a deep blue dress that loosely hung to her form, a single white apron adorning her front. The woman's flowing strands of brown hair terminated at the small of her back, each strand billowing gently from the air current of the waterfall. Each step the woman took caused her bosom and belly to shake, her distended gravid middle and ample bosom each bobbing with every step she took. A pair of bright blue high heels adorned her feet, clanking against the hard stone of the ground she was strolling along. A strange otherworldly glow came from the woman's pale skin, bright silvery rays of light emanating from her flesh where it was exposed, blue rays cascading from her eyes. The woman was caught up in a song, her blue eyes bobbing from side to side as she sung, \"Almost heaven, West Edan, Blue Ridge mountains, Shenendoha river.\" The woman began strolling up a earthy dirt path that wound up the side of the waterfall. Trees hedged about the path, their wavy branches distending over the trail. \"Life is old there, older than the trees. Younger than the mountains, blowing like a breeze!\"She rounded the corner of the trees, whispering more than singing now, \"Country road...take me home. To the place, where I belong.\" A few more strides around the corner, and a hut standing in the distance came into focus. Its hay thatched roof intermingled with the trees that surrounded it. Pale stucco covered the front, accented with the occasional dark log. Golden vines were etched around the windows and door frames, each window casting gilded rays of light on the path. The woman's crimson smile deepened, \"West Edan, mountain mamma, take me home, county roads.\"It was not long before the woman had waddled her way to the entrance of the cottage, gently creaking open the door before slipping herself inside. The chamber within was illuminated by a series of burning candles, each shimmering with odd colored flames. Some of the candles burned a deep satin crimson, others burned a bright blue, and yet others cast bright golden rays. The gold casting candles were particularly placed about the windows, causing their gilded rays to spread out into the depths of the night beyond. The woman sighed, planting her basket of berries atop a large circular wooden table at the center of the kitchen. Making her way to the chimney on the side of the kitchen, the singer pressed her hands against the wood. Sparks flew from her fingers, causing a roaring fire of red and yellow to lick up about the coals beneath a black cauldron. Taking the various berries, she tossed the assorted fruits into the cauldron, after dashing it with several spices from her cupboard. While the fire cooked her assortment, the young woman strode to the far side of the room, planting herself squarely in a rocking chair. A giant grimoire of black leather and gilded vines adorned a round table in front of it. Sighing, and pressing her hands into the arch of her ever soar back, the young woman opened up the tome, getting lost in the pages filled to bursting with odd runes and ancient visionary texts.The following music plays throughout the small cottage: ", "link_list": [], "image_list": ["https://thomaskinkade.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/09/makwis_vg_03.jpg"], "html": "A faint breeze played across a distant meadow, casting various strands of lush green grass to bat about wildly against one another. The moon hung high in the sky, interwoven with a backdrop of searing white stars that stood vigil over the meadow below. A single stream cut through the meadow, its flowing cool waters disturbed by  a jutting piece of stone that sent the clear liquid cascading down a great distance. Over the roar of the pouring water, a woman's voice could be heard echoing against the stone work below. "}, "post-89918": {"user": "Grandma", "user_num": 602, "timestamp": "1557031910000", "message": "Sitting atop a mildly irritated looking donkey, Grandma surveyed the meadow before her. Her expression was momentarily unreadable as she took in the picturesque scene that lay before her. Then a glint of curiosity entered her eyes that soon gave way to a slight smile as she nudged her mount to continue towards the cottage.Her usual robes of deep purple were nowhere to be seen, replaced with robes of dark green and made of fabric far more suited for inclement weather. It was also far less likely to draw attention from both villagers and bandits alike. Avoiding the suspicion of villagers was a vital part of her search for knowledge. After all, it had been from the mouth of a villager that she had first heard the rumors that led her to this cottage. He had spoken of a woman who worked miracles, someone who cured diseases that were all but a death sentence! Near the end of his tale another had chimed in claiming it was no woman at all, but a nature spirit, while one even went as far as claiming nothing less than a goddess could perform such acts. While she certainly didn\u2019t take any of the statements at face value, she had heard enough people repeat them to believe there must be something behind them. What exactly that something was remained to be seen.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Sitting atop a mildly irritated looking donkey, Grandma surveyed the meadow before her. Her expression was momentarily unreadable as she took in the picturesque scene that lay before her. Then a glint of curiosity entered her eyes that soon gave way to a slight smile as she nudged her mount to continue towards the cottage."}, "post-89920": {"user": "X", "user_num": 3398, "timestamp": "1557032431000", "message": "The woman examining her grimoire drew forth a feather pen from its ink well, the bright white tip bouncing about as she scribbled intently at the book. The woman seemed utterly lost in thought, when the sizzling of the berries began to lead to various popping and hissing sounds. Setting the tome down, the woman slowly rose, once again running her hands along the small of her back, massaging it. Strolling to the fire, she pulled out a wooden spoon that dangled above on a small metal bar, gently stirring the mixture. Putting the berries to her lips, the woman nodded, smiling. Placing her fingers against the hot coals, the fire suddenly doused, reduced to mere smoldering coals.Sighing, the woman turned, moving to her cupboard, slowly pulling out a series of ornate plates, each designed with various crimson flowers upon their surface. The woman took the various berries, scooping heaping piles upon both plates, before setting one plate at a seat at the round table in the kitchen facing the door. The other plate was set at a seat facing the fire, forks and spoons of wood along each side. The woman rose, waddling to the entrance of her abode. She let the door open, before waddling back to her seat facing the door, helping herself to a few mouthfuls of berries.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "The woman examining her grimoire drew forth a feather pen from its ink well, the bright white tip bouncing about as she scribbled intently at the book. The woman seemed utterly lost in thought, when the sizzling of the berries began to lead to various popping and hissing sounds. Setting the tome down, the woman slowly rose, once again running her hands along the small of her back, massaging it. Strolling to the fire, she pulled out a wooden spoon that dangled above on a small metal bar, gently stirring the mixture. Putting the berries to her lips, the woman nodded, smiling. Placing her fingers against the hot coals, the fire suddenly doused, reduced to mere smoldering coals."}, "post-89921": {"user": "Grandma", "user_num": 602, "timestamp": "1557033501000", "message": "Taking a moment to appreciate the scenery around the cottage, Grandma was observant enough to notice the door that had been previously closed while she was examining the flowers around the cottage was now open. Raising one eyebrow at the now ajar door, the old woman patted her donkey on the rump a few times, an action that resulted in the beast halting. Climbing off her mount with a slight grunt of exertion, Grandma experimentally tapped her cane on the stone path a few times.Nodding in satisfaction, the elderly figure began slowly shuffling down the path and towards the cottage door. Each step was followed by a distinct click of her cane as she steadily worked her way towards the building's entrance. Finally reaching the steps that led into the cottage, Grandma paused for a moment, squinting to see if she could make out anything inside. Deciding her current vantage inadequate, she called out in a kindly tone as she entered the building.\u201cAnyone at home! I don\u2019t mean to intrude, but I can\u2019t help notice that the door has been left open and\u2026\u201d  ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Taking a moment to appreciate the scenery around the cottage, Grandma was observant enough to notice the door that had been previously closed while she was examining the flowers around the cottage was now open. Raising one eyebrow at the now ajar door, the old woman patted her donkey on the rump a few times, an action that resulted in the beast halting. Climbing off her mount with a slight grunt of exertion, Grandma experimentally tapped her cane on the stone path a few times."}, "post-89922": {"user": "X", "user_num": 3398, "timestamp": "1557034032000", "message": "Grandma was greeted with the vision of the glowing woman beaming at her, tilting her head to the side. Bright blue eyes stared into the old woman's, a deeply affectionate expression upon her face. The woman stretched out her pale hand, motioning to the empty seat. \"Please do come in,\" the woman's melodious voice rang, \"all visitors that come in peace are welcome here, and you look so weary from your travels. Please, have some food and drink, rest!\" With that the woman rose, turning her attention to a bucket of water set upon the countertop of the kitchen. Hoisting some wooden cups from her cupboard, the woman filled both mugs with water, setting one down at the empty spot, before waddling back to her own seat. With a sigh, the woman sat back down, rubbing at the knots in the small of her back.\"Tell me traveler, what brings you to my quiet cottage? Normally the people that come here are being haunted by the spirits or suffering dreadfully in some awful fight. It is rare to meet someone who seems unscathed upon arriving here. It is a welcome change.\" The woman pressed her hand to her mouth, shaking her head back and forth, \"I do so hate to see them come in with such pain...a mother has to look after her own, you know?\" The woman giggled, spooning a bit of berries into her maw, before downing a fresh glass of water.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Grandma was greeted with the vision of the glowing woman beaming at her, tilting her head to the side. Bright blue eyes stared into the old woman's, a deeply affectionate expression upon her face. The woman stretched out her pale hand, motioning to the empty seat. \"Please do come in,\" the woman's melodious voice rang, \"all visitors that come in peace are welcome here, and you look so weary from your travels. Please, have some food and drink, rest!\" With that the woman rose, turning her attention to a bucket of water set upon the countertop of the kitchen. Hoisting some wooden cups from her cupboard, the woman filled both mugs with water, setting one down at the empty spot, before waddling back to her own seat. With a sigh, the woman sat back down, rubbing at the knots in the small of her back."}, "post-89924": {"user": "Grandma", "user_num": 602, "timestamp": "1557035760000", "message": "To call the woman\u2019s appearance unusual would have been an understatement, it certainly wasn\u2019t what Grandma had been expecting. Still, she had seen a great many things in her time so managing not to rudely gawk at the glowing woman didn\u2019t prove too difficult. Meeting Loressia\u2019s gaze with her own, Grandma offered her a warm smile as she approached the empty seat.\u201cThank you for your generous offer, kind stranger. I was beginning to feel a bit parched from the sun.\u201dCarefully sliding into the chair, Grandma raised one of the mugs to her lips, taking a long sip of water from it. Smacking her lips in satisfaction, she leaned back in the seat as she began to address her host\u2019s questions.\u201cIn my travels to the towns and villages around this area, I heard several rumors about a cottage in the woods where a woman lived who could cure even the worst of diseases. Some said it wasn\u2019t a woman at all but a spirit of nature, or even something greater. As a gatherer of knowledge and a prolific traveler, these tales piqued my interest, so here I am.\u201dPausing, Grandma glanced around the cottage interior, noting the sizable collection of candles that burned with oddly colored flames.\u201cI can only imagine how painful it must be for you to see so many come to in various states of injury both bodily and spiritually. Also, my apologies, I haven\u2019t yet introduced myself have I? I simply go by the name \u2018Grandma\u2019.\u201d ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "To call the woman\u2019s appearance unusual would have been an understatement, it certainly wasn\u2019t what Grandma had been expecting. Still, she had seen a great many things in her time so managing not to rudely gawk at the glowing woman didn\u2019t prove too difficult. Meeting Loressia\u2019s gaze with her own, Grandma offered her a warm smile as she approached the empty seat."}, "post-89934": {"user": "X", "user_num": 3398, "timestamp": "1557069605000", "message": "The glowing woman looked on in amazement, her scarlet lips falling wide, \"Goodness, parched from the sun? You must have been on the road for quite some time! The moon has hung high in the sky for quite some time now.\" Loressia drew a fresh spoonful of berries into her maw, smiling, hints of crimson blush dancing about her glowing cream hued cheeks. The woman's attention was drawn to Grandma's own plate of berries, the various cooked red and blue gems of food glittering gently in the candle light of the chamber. \"Please, take and eat. The berries will revitalize you more than the water ever could.\"Loressia's cheeks flooded with an even deeper shade of crimson now, utter embarrassment playing across her face. \"N-No. I assure you my ability to heal is greatly exaggerated!\" The woman tilted her head to the side, drawing a cup of water up to her maw, \"I just strengthen people's natural ability to heal. They do all of the hard work themselves...\" she whispered. Loressica stared her vibrant blue eyes into her guest, \"But that is what the people say, what say you traveler? What am I?\" a hint of amusement played about the woman's voice, a faint smirk playing across her already wide smile.Loressia giggled at the woman's stated name, shaking her head from side to side. \"Ah I see, Grandma.\" Absolute glee played across the woman's smile and eyes, her head once more tilting to the side, her hand resting on her distended middle, \"Well in that case, I am merely 'Woman of the Stream'. A pleasure to make your acquaintance.\"", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "The glowing woman looked on in amazement, her scarlet lips falling wide, \"Goodness, parched from the sun? You must have been on the road for quite some time! The moon has hung high in the sky for quite some time now.\" Loressia drew a fresh spoonful of berries into her maw, smiling, hints of crimson blush dancing about her glowing cream hued cheeks. The woman's attention was drawn to Grandma's own plate of berries, the various cooked red and blue gems of food glittering gently in the candle light of the chamber. \"Please, take and eat. The berries will revitalize you more than the water ever could.\""}, "post-89959": {"user": "Grandma", "user_num": 602, "timestamp": "1557085928000", "message": "Grandma gave a good-natured chuckle at Loressia\u2019s first comment, the wrinkles on her face creasing as she offered her host a wry grin. \u201cIndeed, I have been on the road searching for your home all day. I foolishly didn\u2019t refill my water at the village, and between the rather slow speed of my mount and how tucked away your home is, it took me longer than expected to finally stumble upon your home.\u201d A more thoughtful expression came upon Grandma\u2019s face as Loressia inquired what Grandma thought she was. Resting her chin on one of her wizened hands, Grandma regarded the women in silence for a few seconds, seconds that seemed to drag on far longer than they had a right to. Her dark grayish eyes meeting the woman\u2019s vibrant gaze. \u201cWhat do I think you are? Mmm, that is quite the question. You call yourself the \u2018Woman of the Stream\u2019, that has quite the ring to it. Your literal brilliance is also something I can\u2019t say I\u2019ve seen before\u2026 Based on what little I\u2019ve heard you say, I can only assume you are a mother to all and any who need one.\u201dRaising one of the red berries to eye level, Grandma inspected it for a moment, offering a few sniffs towards it before popping it into her mouth.\u201cIf you don\u2019t mind me asking, what manner of berries are these? They are certainly some of the most appealing I\u2019ve ever had the pleasure of partaking in.\u201d ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Grandma gave a good-natured chuckle at Loressia\u2019s first comment, the wrinkles on her face creasing as she offered her host a wry grin. "}}