{"post-88209": {"user": "Duradin", "user_num": 3324, "timestamp": "1546633483000", "message": "(This is a lore page for those who wish to play as Desert Orcs from Duradin, more may/will be added on in the future; all Chieftains will be played by the Duradin account until further notice.)Duradin, Homeland of the Desert OrcsDuradin is a country of mountains and deserts, filled with red sands and craggy spires. A long treacherous range of mountains encircle a vast expanse of desert that has turned red with blood. This has given the central location it's name; the Crimson Sea. In Duradin resides six main tribes that contest over territory and tradition, each believing themselves to be the superior of their kind. The orcs that live here have adapted to having smaller tusks and leaner frames. Their skin has lost its green hue, becoming a tanned grey tinged with red, giving them better camouflage among the red sands.The lands of Duradin are controlled in sections of territory by the four main tribes; Zhura, Ragmok, Targel, and Krevis. Due to the nature of Grivnor and Belgon's nomadic ways, those two tribes do not 'control' any section but still have a strong presence politically.Regarding political matters, each tribe has a Chieftain that gives the final say of the actions of their tribe. However, in times of war or other major change, the six Chieftains meet to make a decision as a collective. Each Chieftain proclaims their stance on the subject at hand. It is then up to them whether to stand down for someone else's stance or to fight for their own. Any time that two Chieftains have equal standings and will not back down, there is a challenge for glory made to decide the victor. This challenge is a fight til the death or surrender, the latter bringing great dishonor to the coward that chooses it. It is not dishonorable however, to relent from the final blow of an unconscious opponent, and still retain the win.Once the other five Chieftains align with the victor, the decision is made, and that victor is named Head Chieftain for the duration of the war or major change. The Head Chieftain gains control of all six tribe's resources, military might, and territory. This turns the tribes of Duradin into a formidable ally or enemy for those it decides to turn its gaze toward.Zhura, Tribe of ShamansZhura is home to the spiritual orcs who believe that their strength lies in their ancestry. Homage to the elders is mandatory and disrespect is met with an early death. They cover themselves head to toe in the flesh, hides, and bones of beasts they have slain, believing that this will give them attributes of that beast. Their tribe is nestled in the Western craigs of the mountainside, using the cover of the rocky shadows to keep cool from the sun.Chieftain Orva of Zhura:Orva is one of the oldest female orcs in Duradin. She has been around for many wars and conflict, using her wisdom to guide the tribe to safely traverse the sands of time. Her goal is not to gain control of the other territories, but to maintain the balance and order of all six tribes.Grivnor, Tribe of Desert StridersGrivnor is home to the more savage orcs who believe that strength comes to those who take it. They feud often with the other tribes, usually becoming bandits and thugs in many cities. They cake mud made from the red sands onto their skin to blend in with the desert, making them impossible to see while traveling on foot. Their tribe is nomadic, generally stopping to put tents up around any puddles that appear from time to time to create more of their paints but otherwise remaining in the desert.Chieftain Aeli of Grivnor:Aeli is the youngest chieftain of the six tribes, having recently succeeded her father Vergash in leading Grivnor. Already she has earned the respect of her clanmates by being one of the most resourceful fighters in their tribe. A true symbol of Grivnor's will, Aeli has already led several successful strikes on traderoutes with her tribe.Belgon, the Hidden TribeBelgon is home to the stealthier orcs who believe that strategy is more important than brute strength. They have been hired on by many as scouts and spies for outsider cities, especially those who require their skills among the mountains. This is due to the skills and techniques passed on by Belgons to one another to remain hidden in the mountainsides. Their tribe's exact location is unknown by outsiders, but it is rumored that they are nomadic among the mountains of Duradin.Chieftain Izrek of Belgon:Izrek is a slimy character, one dripping with secrets behind his sly smirk. He has dirt on pretty much anyone residing within a thousand miles of Duradin, even of those who have called upon his tribe for work. If there are any signs of betrayal, Belgon's collection of secrets will be unveiled for the world to see, setting the nearby lands into chaos.Ragmok, Tribe of ChampionsRagmok is home to the physically strongest orcs who believe in fighting with honor and dying in battle. They have built an arena in the middle of their city where social disputes, crimes, and career promotions are dealt with equally. The Ragmok often wear leather armors to protect their hides and large tusks, fangs, and talons to intimidate their foes. Their tribe is located in the Northern reaches of the mountains.Chieftain Vorgon of Ragmok:Vorgon is one of the strongest orcs in Duradin, time and time again proving his worth to be Chieftain of Ragmok. It is little surprise that Vorgon often becomes the Head Chieftain when challenges are made. One such challenge costed Vergash's life and led Aeli to take over as Chieftain of Grivnor.Targel, the Enlightened TribeTargel is home to the emotionally soundest orcs who believe in the strength of willpower and discipline. The orcs here value tradition and practice above all else, following the mindset that power over oneself lends power over others. The Targel often don bandages and linen cloths to minimize the weight on themselves along with providing protection for their muscles during combat. Their tribe is found nestled in a valley in the Southern mountains.Chieftain Morvo of Targel:Morvo is large in stature and heart, welcoming orcs from all walks of life into his tribe, so long as they have the will to improve. He feels that everyone has room to better themselves in combat and in mind. Morvo is considered the second wisest of the orcs of Duradin.Krevis, Tribe of ProsperityKrevis is home to the hardest working orcs who believe in a strong economy over physical strength. The founders of Krevis had lucked upon a massive vein of Borvilium in the mountains. Borvilium ore is a marble patterned dark grey reflective mineral slightly stronger than steel, though much heavier. It has been used to craft gorgeous jewelry and various buildings due to its weight. The Krevis often adorn their bodies with several forms of Borvilium fashion, such as necklaces, circlets, and braclets. Their tribe surrounds the Borvilium mines in the Eastern mountainsides.Chieftain Zergon of Krevis: Zergon is getting tired of squabbling over petty parcels of land. With much of Duradin's wealth at his feet, Zergon feels content with letting the other five tribes fight without him. He has resorted to hiring in outsiders for protection and turning a good portion of his tribe into miners, crafters, and fashionistas.", "link_list": [], "image_list": ["https://i.imgur.com/PUpiZEo.jpg", "https://i.imgur.com/jwM8vl2.jpg", "https://i.imgur.com/tEOFctE.jpg", "https://i.imgur.com/6HmHPcT.jpg", "https://i.imgur.com/OK9ecWn.jpg", "https://i.imgur.com/482AwTU.jpg", "https://i.imgur.com/YDcMecA.jpg", "https://i.imgur.com/1UwNkOg.jpg", "https://i.imgur.com/n5eFeRV.jpg"], "html": "(This is a lore page for those who wish to play as Desert Orcs from Duradin, more may/will be added on in the future; all Chieftains will be played by the Duradin account until further notice.)"}}