{"post-82784": {"user": null, "user_num": null, "timestamp": "1526827440000", "message": "Welcome to the open library of Yuequi!The establishment was built and opened by order of Lord Haitaka and his counselors to allow for the better learning and betterment and enlightenment of the people of Dongshu - acting two fold as a museum to display artifacts of the denizens from long before and findings from kami and yokai alike and remnants of important people passed, and also as a growing library filling more and more with scrolls and books detailing much. There are titles and words on many things, from common life and farming and trade knowledge, to lore on the superstitious, to accounts of the lost or fallen or the estranged, to records of battle and wars and numbers. Many can come in to find lots of information of all sorts, even finding lost tales and stories that might send an eager or bored adventurer out on a journey. The library is built and run on a mutual respect and trust of those that visit, save for the few scribes that help keep it organized and record of what might be taken for temporary personal reading.", "link_list": [], "image_list": ["https://i.imgur.com/YP5DkA2.jpg", "https://i.imgur.com/HJSxUli.jpg", "https://i.imgur.com/ODMqDMu.jpg"], "html": "<div align=\"center\">Welcome to the open library of Yuequi!</div>"}, "post-84129": {"user": "Vidkun Wewelsberg", "user_num": 2250, "timestamp": "1532393990000", "message": "Following the advice of the guard Vidkun stepped into the library, cautiously poking his head in and his hands upon the side-sword at his hip. Presumably once he noticed there was nothing of danger, he stepped in. Within his right hand he cradled a small dictionary some contractor had compiled him of the local tongue for the words he could not comprehend, and so voraciously he would begin to look for texts pertinent to the supernatural upon Dongshu, for now not trying to bring much attention to himself. ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Following the advice of the guard Vidkun stepped into the library, cautiously poking his head in and his hands upon the side-sword at his hip. Presumably once he noticed there was nothing of danger, he stepped in. Within his right hand he cradled a small dictionary some contractor had compiled him of the local tongue for the words he could not comprehend, and so voraciously he would begin to look for texts pertinent to the supernatural upon Dongshu, for now not trying to bring much attention to himself. "}, "post-84204": {"user": null, "user_num": null, "timestamp": "1532850543000", "message": "Despite his intentions, the foreign visitor had most eyes on him upon his entering the establishment. He dressed strangely, was armed, and looked very different from the common people of Dongshu. But he kept to himself and browsed the books and scrolls and boxes of papers with care, so they resumed their own business and left him be.The library posed to have much in information, and quite a bit of speculation. There were records of the founding of Dongshu, of the development of the people and the line of Shoguns that sought to rule and protect those that came to the island while driving off the Fusei natives. Years of tension and uneasiness from both sides in very fragile stalemates. Raids and pillaging. Shaky peace treaties and trades. And amongst all the blood and war were much of faith that allowed people to try and continue living through the horrors of the natives and the Shogun's people - lost land and properties, crumbling ruins and withering fortresses, sightings of strange animals and speculations of the possessed and the undead, spirits good and bad alike.The shelves were practically stuffed with accounts and writings on so much - it was a treasure trove to an individual such as Vidkun. Among all the shuffling about through nooks and crannies and shelves and boxes, his hand would come to hover over a particular box of intricate and elegant make with a peculiar keyhole on the front. But it opened effortlessly with a tilt of the lid.Inside was a lovely comb apparently of gold with an ornate design of a lotus flower along the ridge that held the silver teeth. Beneath it were a few short but thick scrolls. They were worn, but a careful hand could unfurl them with no damage to the paper.", "link_list": [], "image_list": ["https://i.pinimg.com/564x/ec/4e/fe/ec4efefa8541612ce8b4252aa5cafc73.jpg"], "html": "Despite his intentions, the foreign visitor had most eyes on him upon his entering the establishment. He dressed strangely, was armed, and looked very different from the common people of Dongshu. But he kept to himself and browsed the books and scrolls and boxes of papers with care, so they resumed their own business and left him be."}, "post-84224": {"user": "Vidkun Wewelsberg", "user_num": 2250, "timestamp": "1532896395000", "message": "The Witch Hunter pored over the words like any scribe and scrivener, minding each and every detail to his mind. The local histories of places he visited were often very important if he wished to get along with locals and receive their aid, not to mention it actually gave him an understanding of people's character in new parts. Particularly of note to him was the nature of the Fusei as natives. He believed th conflict to be ideological, to be societal of a loose confederation of miscellaneous bandits of the same people as the Shogunate. The realization that it was at least to a degree an ethnic conflict with deeper roots gave much perspective, and he made sure to remember it. In his eyes the Fusei were at least slightly humanized now, and even more so when he considered just how biased the sources he was reading would be.\u00a0Still, all this was secondary to the Hammer of Daemons. There was a box, with drawings on it which alone might be representative of a hellscape considering how old it appeared. However the old scrolls were of more interest to him yet. Vidkun was not a magician, but he was a faithful man and possessing of an extremely good intuition when not suffering in the mind. Something about these papers was special, this was felt as soon as his gloved fingertips touched the paper and he began to unfurl them to read....", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "The Witch Hunter pored over the words like any scribe and scrivener, minding each and every detail to his mind. The local histories of places he visited were often very important if he wished to get along with locals and receive their aid, not to mention it actually gave him an understanding of people's character in new parts. Particularly of note to him was the nature of the Fusei as natives. He believed th conflict to be ideological, to be societal of a loose confederation of miscellaneous bandits of the same people as the Shogunate. The realization that it was at least to a degree an ethnic conflict with deeper roots gave much perspective, and he made sure to remember it. In his eyes the Fusei were at least slightly humanized now, and even more so when he considered just how biased the sources he was reading would be.\u00a0"}, "post-84516": {"user": null, "user_num": null, "timestamp": "1534613150000", "message": "Many of the papers within the box were written in a very delicate and intricate script, beautiful to any reader of Dongshu. They spoke from the view of the one writing rather than as a bystander of an event.-My beloved shall be a man of great worth and prestige, and I shall be his greatest treasure. He will be the only one to rival my beauty, but it will not be a challenge as we shall be beautiful together...-I have met this man and he is nothing but a grotesque brute twisted to covet battle and honor. He is absolutely hideous...-The wedding is to be, and my love is as lovely as I had hoped; a brilliant, artistic gentleman with the perfect face and those iron eyes...The accounts would continue, seeming to be the personal thoughts of a woman from some unknown time ago. Some of the writings could be organized to some order, but not all. There were many ramblings on this woman and her obsession with the perfect men of perfect proportions and a perfect standing in a perfect life - absolutely hell-bent on not a thing ugly in her world or anything out of place. There are mentions of a sprawling palace that she might lose herself into the halls on dreary days, some of winter snow blowing in from mountains and a lovely view of the ocean, dense trees like a forest where game came from - barbaric practices of hunting that were beneath her.-The winds are changing, and bring foul scents from beyond the homely trees. What is that wretched stench? I've heard the soldiers speak of it, the \"smell of death\". What death?! Whatever it is, it is horrible! I've sent out guard to remove such a horrific thing to make such a terrible stench...-The snow is blowing in a little early for the season, and it seems colder than usual. I have had to order the woodsmen to chop down more trees for firewood despite the protest of the counsel here. Who cares about the stripping of the earth? More trees will grow back - that is what they do! I will not have a single chill here in the palace! ...-There was an assault! Those filthy Fusei tried to rush us from the trees to the east, I'm told, but the soldiers routed them off, I'm sure. Disgusting men. I will not have them dirtying this place with their barbaric selves...On and on the accounts rolled on, telling of trying times that had opted upon the palace one winter and spring. The writings continued on for the next year, only to suddenly stop in a winter. The scrawling became more jutted in strokes and erratic, the beauty of the flowing writing seeming broken.-They are here again! The soldiers will stop them! I will not have filthy Fusei ruin this place!After this hastily scratched note at the end of a scroll, the rest of the parchment afterwards remaining blank rather than having run out of room to write. There seems to be little more to give tale to who this woman was.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Many of the papers within the box were written in a very delicate and intricate script, beautiful to any reader of Dongshu. They spoke from the view of the one writing rather than as a bystander of an event."}, "post-84681": {"user": "Vidkun Wewelsberg", "user_num": 2250, "timestamp": "1535334809000", "message": "As Vidkun read his faced remained impassive. The woman was a bloody entitled member of the nobility, and Father Above knew that Vidkun had his share of such back home. Still, the apparent destruction that her line faced based upon the abrupt ending of the writing was most likely - after much moral calculation - a bad thing, so he instinctively made the sign of the black cross.This was very interesting, and committed to memory, but it still wasn't his job. What he was here for was the paranormal. Oriental analogues to what he understood as Witches and Daemons, that was what he was after. He gave a tired sigh, rubbing his temple, before continuing on to look for more material in the hopes of finding something pertinent. ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "<div>As Vidkun read his faced remained impassive. The woman was a bloody entitled member of the nobility, and Father Above knew that Vidkun had his share of such back home. Still, the apparent destruction that her line faced based upon the abrupt ending of the writing was most likely - after much moral calculation - a bad thing, so he instinctively made the sign of the black cross.</div>"}}