{"post-89954": {"user": "DM", "user_num": 3400, "timestamp": "1557083102000", "message": "Far down a road less traveled, deep in an expansive deciduous forest lies a deserted village. Wooden buildings stand silently, with rotting wooden doors and broken windows. Nature has already begun to overtake much of the village, with heavy vegetation having grown into the village's limits and among its various structures. Immediately upon entering one could identify a run down collection of smaller buildings to one size, probably the homes of former villagers, numbering five in total. A larger building stood off on it's own, the remains of a wooden sign hanging crookedly on a rusted metal chain above it's door, the faded sign depicting a mug of ale. A couple of other run down buildings were around too, though their former purpose isn't immediately obvious.\u00a0And in the center of the village stands a clock-tower, a marble pillar shining amidst the old ruins, pristine. The clock's hands still turn, and every hour the bell rings over the silent village, announcing the hour for those long gone.\u00a0", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Far down a road less traveled, deep in an expansive deciduous forest lies a deserted village. Wooden buildings stand silently, with rotting wooden doors and broken windows. Nature has already begun to overtake much of the village, with heavy vegetation having grown into the village's limits and among its various structures. "}, "post-89978": {"user": "Cealene Neass\u00e1", "user_num": 3403, "timestamp": "1557098416000", "message": "Cealene rode along the road upon her horse when she came into the village, seemingly abandoned. A figure swept in a black cloak that billowed out behind her. She scanned around with her gaze and shuddered a little, as she thought about what might have caused its desertion. Bandits? Beasts? Nevertheless it would make a good spot for a stop. For a moment, her eyes swept across the sky, trying to figure out whether there would be any rain soon.So, she dismounted her steed next to the old tavern, noticing the clocktower off in the distance as she tied it. \u201cOdd\u201d, she muttered to herself, as she noticed the clockhands still turning.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Cealene rode along the road upon her horse when she came into the village, seemingly abandoned. A figure swept in a black cloak that billowed out behind her. She scanned around with her gaze and shuddered a little, as she thought about what might have caused its desertion. Bandits? Beasts? "}, "post-89980": {"user": "DM", "user_num": 3400, "timestamp": "1557099727000", "message": "The time on the clock read 7:45pm, and judging by the position of the sun, it was accurate. Cealene would easily enough find a hitching post for her horse among the overgrowth in front of the tavern where the forest had begun to reclaim the land.Upon glancing upwards towards the sky, Cealene would see some dark clouds approaching, and the calm breeze of wind from before had begun growing in strength. Very soon, it would start raining.Shelter would be necessary soon, that much was obvious. Only darkness could be seen through the broken windows of the tavern, the light of dusk being unable to penetrate very far into the dark interior. Right under the sign, Cealene would find an old wooden door that hung on one of it's hinges crookedly, hidden behind some of the overgrowth. It appeared to be the main entrance of the tavern.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "The time on the clock read 7:45pm, and judging by the position of the sun, it was accurate. Cealene would easily enough find a hitching post for her horse among the overgrowth in front of the tavern where the forest had begun to reclaim the land."}, "post-89985": {"user": "Cealene Neass\u00e1", "user_num": 3403, "timestamp": "1557100559000", "message": "Indeed, it was quite baffling that the watch of the clocktower kept turning, when all else had failed, seemingly so long ago. It gave a sense of eeriness to the entire village, as dusk was beginning to settle. Cealene rummaged in one of her saddlebags for a moment until she found what she was searching for. A small tinderbox, and a dusty lantern. She struck a tinder, and a few moments later, the lantern had begun producing a small shine. Her sight in the dark was better than most, but that would not help in the pitch dark of the night, especially with the clouds covering the moon.After patting her steed a little on the muzzle, calming him a little and hoping he would be safe from the rain under small roof for the hitching post, no longer quite as solid.Sweeping her dark cloak a little closer around her, she went up to the entrance of the tavern, pushing against the door with one hand, and holding the lantern in the other...", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Indeed, it was quite baffling that the watch of the clocktower kept turning, when all else had failed, seemingly so long ago. It gave a sense of eeriness to the entire village, as dusk was beginning to settle. Cealene rummaged in one of her saddlebags for a moment until she found what she was searching for. A small tinderbox, and a dusty lantern. "}, "post-89996": {"user": "DM", "user_num": 3400, "timestamp": "1557108730000", "message": "The door would creak loudly, protesting against its own opening after so many years of disuse. A bit more of a push and the door completely fell off it's last hinge, the mechanism having almost completely rusted away. With a crash and a cloud of dust the wooden door fell onto the ground.The interior was obscured by a cloud of dust initially but as it cleared more and more of the interior was revealed. First, Cealene would see an overturned table nearby, and a few stools that seemed to have been knocked over. Vegetation had begun growing through the cracks in the floor boards as well, in some places even completely uprooting some of the flooring.\u00a0And as she walked in further, and lit more of the room, overturned tables and dust and upturned floorboards began to mingle with bones, and Cealene would become aquainted with the village's denizens. At the bar, stood a skeleton, seemingly ready to take your order. The skeleton wore clothing faded with age and crumbling. Across from that skeleton sat another at the bar, and yet another skeleton sat at a table at the far end of the room.Did these three skeletons die as they were now, in the midst of their daily lives, leaving for eternity this macabre scene, or did someone place them here?\u00a0", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "The door would creak loudly, protesting against its own opening after so many years of disuse. A bit more of a push and the door completely fell off it's last hinge, the mechanism having almost completely rusted away. With a crash and a cloud of dust the wooden door fell onto the ground."}, "post-90000": {"user": "Cealene Neass\u00e1", "user_num": 3403, "timestamp": "1557139648000", "message": "The dust that rose from the door falling made Cealene cough a little, waiting for a moment in the opening while the dust cleared, studying the entry to the tavern. With how run down it was, there couldn't have been anyone here for years. As she ventured further into the tavern, looking a little at the overturned stools. Then, she heard a crunch underfoot as she took another step into the tavern.Confused at first, she looked down at the floor, lowering her lantern a little to see what it was. Slightly shocked, she realized they were bones. This village had not been abandoned, something horrible must have come to pass. Lifting the lantern once more, light fell upon the three skeletons, confirming the earlier suspicion, although they were eerily upright. Far too upright, in fact, for someone that had been dead for years.Or were they?As the thought crossed Cealene's mind, she took a step back, yet another loud crunch coming from the bones that littered the floor. While she had not herself seen any undead, there were widespread rumors of their kind. Running for her steed outside was a tempting proposition, as her palm rested upon the hilt of her dagger, though it would do little good against bones. She shook her head a little, taking a few deep breaths, calming down slightly. With the surprise having passed, she took in her surroundings, listening and looking around the gruesome remains of the tavern.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "<div>The dust that rose from the door falling made Cealene cough a little, waiting for a moment in the opening while the dust cleared, studying the entry to the tavern. With how run down it was, there couldn't have been anyone here for years. As she ventured further into the tavern, looking a little at the overturned stools. Then, she heard a crunch underfoot as she took another step into the tavern.</div>"}, "post-90014": {"user": "DM", "user_num": 3400, "timestamp": "1557180705000", "message": "A sudden large crash would come from behind Cealene then from where one of the former patrons sat, the sound of clattering bones echoing throughout the room. It seemed the skeleton that had fallen was propped up so precariously on its stool that it fell over upon even being disturbed in the slightest by Cealene's entry. Silence would soon fall over the dark and musty tavern again, though, and nothing moved once more.\u00a0The first droplets of rain began to fall, pattering against the old broken windows and the rickety ceiling above. The winds picked up as well, whistling through broken windows and causing the old building's distintegrating timber to creak and groan. It was almost completely dark outside now, and as the last bit of sunlight fell below the horizon a flash of lightning bolted across the sky above, and the ensuing thunder shook the rotting wooden structure with its volume.\u00a0And as the rain began to pour down much harder, the clock tower's bell tolled, it's eerie sound piercing through the rain. The sound of the bell seemed to reverberate almost endlessly, the vibration's intensity multiplying with each ring of the bell until Cealene's could feel the sound in her own bones as it rang once, twice... eight times in total, marking the time at 8pm.\u00a0By the eighth ring, Cealene might even feel a little light headed, and find her vision to be somewhat narrowed for a few moments until the sound of the ringing bell finally faded.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "A sudden large crash would come from behind Cealene then from where one of the former patrons sat, the sound of clattering bones echoing throughout the room. It seemed the skeleton that had fallen was propped up so precariously on its stool that it fell over upon even being disturbed in the slightest by Cealene's entry. Silence would soon fall over the dark and musty tavern again, though, and nothing moved once more.\u00a0"}, "post-90028": {"user": "Cealene Neass\u00e1", "user_num": 3403, "timestamp": "1557223529000", "message": "With a shout of surprise, she gave a small jump and then turned around, whipping out a dagger. When Cealene saw that it was merely a fallen skeleton, she gave a sigh of relief. As the rain began, she lifted her hood up, protecting herself from the rain that was dripping through the old ceiling. Maybe the tavern wouldn't be the best place to stay out the night.She went and stood in the doorway is the sun disappeared below the horizon. As the rain hardened, she headed out of the tavern, comforting her horse for a bit, and grabbing a thickly woven woolen cloak from the saddle bag. The clock tower tolling prompted her to look out towards the marble tower, the heavy sound resounding through the old village, and her head. Maybe some clues as to what had happened to the village could be found there.So, Cealene headed towards it once her head had cleared up, leaving the rickety tavern behind.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "With a shout of surprise, she gave a small jump and then turned around, whipping out a dagger. When Cealene saw that it was merely a fallen skeleton, she gave a sigh of relief. As the rain began, she lifted her hood up, protecting herself from the rain that was dripping through the old ceiling. Maybe the tavern wouldn't be the best place to stay out the night."}, "post-90153": {"user": "DM", "user_num": 3400, "timestamp": "1557554354000", "message": "The marble clock tower stood imposingly over Cealene as she approached. The tower was of an odd construction, to say the least. The tower\u2019s exterior seemed to be a single piece of marble, smooth and polished meticulously. It stood at least 25 meters tall and tapered slightly as it rose higher. Near the top, embedded in the stone was the clock face, and far down below that on the ground, the entrance. The entrance into the large clocktower was the only other imperfection in its surface, and even then it was an unmarked door made of the same marble. The door was large, standing about 3 meters tall, yet it swung in easily on well-oiled hinges when Cealene pushed on it.The interior of the clock tower was unlit, and Cealene\u2019s torch only pierced the darkness so far. She could see smooth marble flooring, however, and the beginning of a staircase.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "The marble clock tower stood imposingly over Cealene as she approached. The tower was of an odd construction, to say the least. The tower\u2019s exterior seemed to be a single piece of marble, smooth and polished meticulously. It stood at least 25 meters tall and tapered slightly as it rose higher. Near the top, embedded in the stone was the clock face, and far down below that on the ground, the entrance. "}, "post-90211": {"user": "Cealene Neass\u00e1", "user_num": 3403, "timestamp": "1557780300000", "message": "As she looked up at the white tower, Cealene felt small, the doorway arching more than a meter above her head. With the inside shielding her from the rain, she renoved her hood, letting it fall back. She looked around wondrously, the ringing, the well oiled mechanisms, the polished marble. Not even in the capital of her homelands had she seen such a thing, much less in the Lordship that her long-gone family had once held.Was it sorcery? Some kind of magic? Did someone live here? Surely, the tower couldn't have kept this good condition without someone to care for it.\"Hello?\", she called out into the darkness of the clock tower, stepping further inwards, and slowly beginning to ascend the stairs. Looking around as her lantern cast light upon the innards of the tower. \"Hellooo?\", still waiting for a reply, she let her hand touch the marble wall, and then slide along its smooth surface as she continued up the stairs. ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "As she looked up at the white tower, Cealene felt small, the doorway arching more than a meter above her head. With the inside shielding her from the rain, she renoved her hood, letting it fall back. She looked around wondrously, the ringing, the well oiled mechanisms, the polished marble. Not even in the capital of her homelands had she seen such a thing, much less in the Lordship that her long-gone family had once held."}, "post-90405": {"user": "DM", "user_num": 3400, "timestamp": "1558549815000", "message": "There would be no answer as Cealene called out, save for her own voice echoing back at her as they bounced off the stone walls. It was quiet enough that even her own footsteps echoed throughout the dark tower as she ascended its pristine steps.A short walk, and Cealene would reach the top. A dim flash of lightning would occasionally light the square shaped room at the top of the tower, through the mostly opaque white glass that made up the clock face. Cealene could see the numbers embedded in the glass as well, backwards as she viewed them from behind. The strange thing, however, is that the mechanisms one would usually find within a clock tower were absent. It was as if the clock hands outside moved on their own accord.\u00a0The bell Cealene heard earlier was hanging from the high vaulted ceiling in the center of the room above. As she looked at it, it would begin ringing again. Had an hour passed already? Cealene wouldn't have much time to consider this question as the sound of the bell's ringing filled the room. With each strike of the bell's tongue, Cealene would feel her bones rattle with the reverberations, feel it in the ground beneath her feet even as each ring of the bell built upon the last. As the bell rung, its true nature revealed itself only briefly as ancient runes etched into its rim seemed to shimmer with each reverberation, growing brighter as the sound's intensity increased.\u00a0By the ninth ring the effects of the bell's sounds would mostly likely render Cealene unconscious.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "There would be no answer as Cealene called out, save for her own voice echoing back at her as they bounced off the stone walls. It was quiet enough that even her own footsteps echoed throughout the dark tower as she ascended its pristine steps."}, "post-90415": {"user": "Cealene Neass\u00e1", "user_num": 3403, "timestamp": "1558562400000", "message": "It was with wonder that Cealene looked around the clocktower, studying the face of the clock for a moment before realizing that the time had slipped by so quickly, it was too late to leave. When the bells started tolling up above she had covered her ears and head as best she could with her cloak. What had been mild pain in the tavern was excruciating here, and as she fell to her knees, her mind fading, she wondered if she would ever wake up again.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "It was with wonder that Cealene looked around the clocktower, studying the face of the clock for a moment before realizing that the time had slipped by so quickly, it was too late to leave. When the bells started tolling up above she had covered her ears and head as best she could with her cloak. What had been mild pain in the tavern was excruciating here, and as she fell to her knees, her mind fading, she wondered if she would ever wake up again."}, "post-90659": {"user": "DM", "user_num": 3400, "timestamp": "1559069171000", "message": "An unspecified amount of time late... Cealene would awaken. She would feel immediately the warmness and softness of cloth surrounding her. She would find herself in a small, sparsely furnished room.\u00a0Morning light shone dimly through a window above her, illuminating the small space. Down below, she could hear several voices filtering through the floorboards. The room seemed to be one that would typically be found in an inn, or tavern of some sort, since it contained only a bed, and an empty trunk. Upon looking out the window, she would see several villagers going about their business - children chasing one after the other, an older woman drawing a bucket of water up from a well...Wherever Cealene was now, it was completely different from where she had found herself before falling unconscious. However, the more she looked around, and perhaps when she decided to walk down the stairs, she would begin to realize just how alike this village was in some ways to the ruined one she had been in just before, though the clock-tower was nowhere in sight.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "An unspecified amount of time late... Cealene would awaken. She would feel immediately the warmness and softness of cloth surrounding her. She would find herself in a small, sparsely furnished room.\u00a0"}, "post-90669": {"user": "Cealene Neass\u00e1", "user_num": 3403, "timestamp": "1559080710000", "message": "At first, when she awoke, Cealene felt as though it had all been a dream, until she realized that she still had her traveling clothes on, and that the trunk was empty.As her mind cleared, she first checked her purse and dagger, then took a look out the window. Had she really gone to sleep like this? Without even bringing her saddle bags?Then, the deja-vu hit her. She had been in this village before, the well, the buildings, she recognized them. Hurriedly, she went down the stairs and opened the door, looking for her trusty steed. She turned back into the tavern, \"Where did I tie my horse?\", she asked those inside of the tavern, the mental image of the dried skeletons in this very same place coming to mind. Meanwhile, she started to get an urgent want to leave this place behind.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "At first, when she awoke, Cealene felt as though it had all been a dream, until she realized that she still had her traveling clothes on, and that the trunk was empty."}, "post-90761": {"user": "Barran", "user_num": 3444, "timestamp": "1559316840000", "message": "Barran was exhausted. The poor boy had been travelling for days, getting as far from his homeland as possible. He stopped, however, coming to a clocktower with a door left ajar and a horse out in front. \"Well now, what have we happened upon?\" The boy had a fascination with both clockwork machinery and the idea of longevity, so this seemed as good a place as any to rest.He slowly entered the clocktower, coming across two skeletons seated upright and a pile of bones where a third had sat. \"Curious...\"He walked further into the clocktower, little suspecting the fate that awaited him. \"Hello?\" He called out to the \"empty\" tower. \"Anyone in here?\"", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Barran was exhausted. The poor boy had been travelling for days, getting as far from his homeland as possible. He stopped, however, coming to a clocktower with a door left ajar and a horse out in front. \"Well now, what have we happened upon?\" The boy had a fascination with both clockwork machinery and the idea of longevity, so this seemed as good a place as any to rest."}}