{"post-92301": {"user": "The Vivisectionist", "user_num": 3516, "timestamp": "1562692981000", "message": "A bulletin posted in a local notice board, an unmarked letter slipped in amongst your mail or passed to you from a delivery runner, a flyer left hanging outside the tavern doors. However you come across the unfamiliar parchment, they all read the same. The letter is as follows:\u00a0\"To whom it may concern, I am in desperate need of assistance with a research project of particular importance to myself and my studies as someone so deeply appreciative of our living world, not to mention...this project concerns the lives and safety of dozens of innocent men and women I know to be good, humble, working farm folk. Are you familiar with the Gloaming Meadows community? I would guess not, whether by nature of it's humble insignificance as a simple farming community or due to some more...malicious facet of it's current state, I believe it has slipped the veil of human consciousness quite entirely. I come from this little township, and I'm afraid I am, as far as my research has found, the only member of this community that has managed to escape the...calamity that now befalls the area. I'll spare you the details, no doubt a laborer has little understanding of the scientific or arcane. All you need to know is this, Gloaming Meadow has become exceedingly dangerous due to an unnatural misfortune befalling it. I am in need of assistance from strong, brave, preferably combat capable individuals to aid me in my study of the phenomenon, as I believe it the only means to alleviate the danger and free those still trapped within. To those of you with magical capabilities, I must warn you ahead of time that the Meadow can have quite....volatile reactions to magic, I would be careful if you plan to rely on such tools during the extent of this contract. This perhaps sounds all a bit confusing, but I assure you it will quickly make sense once you gaze upon the situation with your own eyes. I'm offering two weeks worth of wages for a simple three days work. All you will be expected to do is travel to the target location, retrieve the sample, and return it to me. It's a very generous offer. If it is one that piques your curiosity, I implore you meet me at the Meadow's edge within the coming days. I've attached directions below, as the area is quite neatly tucked away in the countryside. When you arrive, and I stress this now, DO NOT CROSS THE LINE UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCES. You'll understand when you arrive. I look forward to working with you.\u00a0- A vivisectionist in need.\"Attached is a crude map marking the location, with relevant land markers from all the major kingdoms. You get the strange sense looking at it that you could find it quite easily, despite the indistinct and amateur cartography. You also get a strangely ominous tone from the writing, which is messily scrawled. Something about the price point seems off, the job is far too straightforward for such a lucrative payment...you get the sense this offer isn't quite right. There's only one way to know for sure...OOC Info:You can find the actual thread the quest will take place in\u00a0here.I am fairly new to GMing events, so I'm looking for players willing to be patient and understanding in that regard, I make no promises that this event is going to be the best quest you've ever joined, but I promise to do my best!Looking to have 4 players maximum, there's really no minimum on this so if only one person is interested it could still run, though I believe atleast 2 would be more fun and ideal story writing wise.I'm not looking to zoom through the thread but I'm also not looking to have it last the rest of the summer. Hoping to see replies from all players involved every 48-72 hours. I will try and keep up with this pace as well. I live in EST time zone but my sleep schedule can be a bit wonky due to insomnia so posting hours might be strange.Ideally looking for characters that are more grounded due to the nature of the setting. Magic users are welcome but be aware there may be consequences or thread developments in response to excessive or overly powerful magic use as the tone is meant to be one of stressed/strapped resources.This is a horror setting, so please do be aware beforehand that disturbing content is likely to show up. I'm not planning anything excessively over the top but there is likely to be gorey descriptions and violence here so if that's not really for you then you might want to pass on this quest!Any questions, feel free to DM me on Discord (Marinko). Thanks so much!\u00a0", "link_list": ["http://thefantasysandbox.boards.net/thread/3555/gloaming-meadow-red-line?page=1", "http://thefantasysandbox.boards.net/thread/3555/gloaming-meadow-red-line?page=1", "http://thefantasysandbox.boards.net/thread/3555/gloaming-meadow-red-line?page=1"], "image_list": [], "html": "A bulletin posted in a local notice board, an unmarked letter slipped in amongst your mail or passed to you from a delivery runner, a flyer left hanging outside the tavern doors. However you come across the unfamiliar parchment, they all read the same. The letter is as follows:\u00a0"}}