{"post-91605": {"user": "The Divine Empire of Vessia", "user_num": 1951, "timestamp": "1561226142000", "message": "The Palace of Emperors is a massive place one could get lost in with no hope of escape if it weren't filled with so many people to help one navigate. It holds a garrison, the residence of many mages, an officer for all three major Vessian law enforcement groups, kitchens, gardens, Chapels, many meeting rooms for all purposes and of course suites for guests to the Emperor.\u00a0Currently, there is nobody on the Throne. However many of the suites of the Palace are to be indefinitely occupied by members of the forming regency council.\u00a0", "link_list": [], "image_list": ["https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/589609522411339795/591833002984734769/a50cf731f3472bb31d7934ee7e77759f.jpg", "https://i.imgur.com/LrzGh6W.png"], "html": "The Palace of Emperors is a massive place one could get lost in with no hope of escape if it weren't filled with so many people to help one navigate. It holds a garrison, the residence of many mages, an officer for all three major Vessian law enforcement groups, kitchens, gardens, Chapels, many meeting rooms for all purposes and of course suites for guests to the Emperor.\u00a0"}, "post-91620": {"user": "Pythius", "user_num": 3471, "timestamp": "1561287674000", "message": "Walking in the garden and noting down the shapes of clouds, Pythius, the royal butler, was making his way to the palace to monitor today\u2019s meal for Empress Aurelia and possible guests. He stopped for a moment noticing a bench and swiftly made his way towards it in hopes of a short rest before the continuation of a long day. He then started gently tapping his ivory cane on the ground, producing a slow melody which helped him to concentrate. Bones aching with pain of decades,yet his mind sharp as a the blade of Saint Emeritus . His mind was webbed with thoughts of this new envioroment, although not so new to him, where every other lord, duke or otherwise will weave their political strings to create the pathetic tapestry which would tell the story of their exploits, numerous betrayals and much more. And beneath this layer of political intrigue lay the lands of dying peasants, hungry children, and wild lands full of monstrous vermin. He stood up leaning on his cane engraved with ancient weaves and symbols, and made his way to the kitchen of the palace . \u201cShe is a good woman\u201d, he thought to himslef, \u201cshe could fix this.\u201d. He indeed believed that his absolute loyalty could not be misguided.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Walking in the garden and noting down the shapes of clouds, Pythius, the royal butler, was making his way to the palace to monitor today\u2019s meal for Empress Aurelia and possible guests. He stopped for a moment noticing a bench and swiftly made his way towards it in hopes of a short rest before the continuation of a long day. He then started gently tapping his ivory cane on the ground, producing a slow melody which helped him to concentrate. Bones aching with pain of decades,yet his mind sharp as a the blade of Saint Emeritus . His mind was webbed with thoughts of this new envioroment, although not so new to him, where every other lord, duke or otherwise will weave their political strings to create the pathetic tapestry which would tell the story of their exploits, numerous betrayals and much more. And beneath this layer of political intrigue lay the lands of dying peasants, hungry children, and wild lands full of monstrous vermin. He stood up leaning on his cane engraved with ancient weaves and symbols, and made his way to the kitchen of the palace . \u201cShe is a good woman\u201d, he thought to himslef, \u201cshe could fix this.\u201d. He indeed believed that his absolute loyalty could not be misguided."}, "post-91789": {"user": "Empress Aurelia Rexus", "user_num": 3466, "timestamp": "1561697020000", "message": "Aurelia had to be careful about what she wore, and how she acted, now that Alexander was dead and could no longer protect her. To say that Aurelia was angry with Alexander for being an idiot and going on the crusade when he knew how many enemies he'd made would be to understate it. But he'd insisted that if he stayed in the capital while men died for his wants, he'd be labeled a coward.Well, Aurelia thought as she dismounted from the carriage, a heavy black veil over her face, and turned for the gardens of the palace rather than toward the palace steps that were already swarming with nobility waiting to have an audience with her, now Alexander could be labeled dead.The Empress of Vessia was golden-haired and silver-eyed, with youth still about her peaches-and-creme skin and her womanly curves. Haven given birth to four children, however -- two for each of her husbands -- had granted her wider hips and fuller breasts... and scars she'd rather hide than show. She was still in her early twenties, hardly old, yet if she showed off her figure too much (in the hopes of catching a husband), she'd be labeled many unsavory things...... Not that she wasn't already.In her early twenties, and with two dead husbands, each of them a monarch. She'd been a nothing, a no one, when she'd met the Grand Duke of Renovia, a milkmaid who hadn't been pocked and who hadn't been sullied by the pox-sickness that had swept through the realm back when she'd been sixteen. Of course she'd manipulated things to gain her first marriage... well, let's be totally honest, she'd manipulated things to get both of her marriages, but she'd never outwardly looked like a harlot, she'd just been called one.When she'd been the Duchess of Renovia, it had been easy to manipulate the population of people. Emeria was the largest city in the duchy, and the following townships had fallen into line after she'd convinced the people of Emeria to love her. Convincing all the people of the Holy Vessian Empire, however, had been a task, and Golden Alexander hadn't made it any easier.House Rexus hadn't made it any easier, but her spies had informed her that they hadn't yet come to the capital. She was sure that when they had, she'd be told, and then... well, she'd have to hide Korvinn, and Theodora, just to be safe. They'd take her children from her, and if Aurelia was nothing else, she was a fiercely loving mother toward her brood.Aurelia hadn't realized how far she'd walked in the garden until she heard the tap, tap, tap of a familiar cane. She looked away from some... place in the distance where her eyes had wandered, and her elegant hands lifted the veil so her beautiful face could be seen by the aged servant. \"Pythius,\" she said, raising her voice but not yelling for him.If he paused, she moved to catch up with him, the Imperial guards still marching behind her and two of her hand maidens dawdling even further behind. Aurelia's arm coiled around one of Pythius'. \"I need a friendly face,\" she said quietly, her tiara subtly sparkling beneath the veil, her jewelry wealthy but not ostentatious --  not like it had been when Alexander had been alive and she could flaunt her position.Now being the Empress of Vessia put a target on her back. She needed allies... and perhaps she did need another husband.\"What news of the palace while I've been praying?\" She asked.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Aurelia had to be careful about what she wore, and how she acted, now that Alexander was "}, "post-91798": {"user": "Pythius", "user_num": 3471, "timestamp": "1561723171000", "message": "Pythius momentarily stopped his though process and stopped walking when he heard the familiar voice of Aurelia. He walked towards her with a warming smile, and started walking towards the palace after a deep bow. \u201cAh, you must be tired your Highness. Your favourite meal is almost finished, the cooks have been working since you left! So, how was your meeting?\u201d, he said with a warming, careful yet soothing voice. In public no one could know his real interests and abilities, once they are alone in Empresse\u2019s cabinet, they can talk seriously. While asking questions he shortly turned his head around examining the bunch following them, and upon observing their number gave a heavy sigh. He then glanced at the Empress with a worrying eye and quietly asked, \u201cDo you want me to ease your stress your Highness?\u201d, as he reached into one of the pouches of his coat rustling dry leaves held together by a thin lining of silver thread. This was too much for a single human being, he thought. Looking after children, herself, and trying to remain in position of decent living? No, not even the most resilient of the Saints could perfectly fulfill such a burden. And that was the exact reason of Pythius\u2019 current existance, to help Aurelia. Unbeknown to him, his grip on the cane hardened as he listened to Aurelia.\u201cThe palace, your Highness, is running smooth as always. Managing those poor servants is not that hard, just have to make them want to do things\u201d, Aurelia had no need to worry about seldom thieveries and minor drama, it was not important and definetly not worth her time, or at least Pythius thought so. \u201cActually we are currently rebuilding some old and crumbling parts of it, and we recently got some new exotic seeds for the garden\u201d, the more he spoke, the calmer and warmer his voice became. ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Pythius momentarily stopped his though process and stopped walking when he heard the familiar voice of Aurelia. He walked towards her with a warming smile, and started walking towards the palace after a deep bow. \u201cAh, you must be tired your Highness. Your favourite meal is almost finished, the cooks have been working since you left! So, how was your meeting?\u201d, he said with a warming, careful yet soothing voice. In public no one could know his real interests and abilities, once they are alone in Empresse\u2019s cabinet, they can talk seriously. While asking questions he shortly turned his head around examining the bunch following them, and upon observing their number gave a heavy sigh. He then glanced at the Empress with a worrying eye and quietly asked, \u201cDo you want me to ease your stress your Highness?\u201d, as he reached into one of the pouches of his coat rustling dry leaves held together by a thin lining of silver thread. This was too much for a single human being, he thought. Looking after children, herself, and trying to remain in position of decent living? No, not even the most resilient of the Saints could perfectly fulfill such a burden. And that was the exact reason of Pythius\u2019 current existance, to help Aurelia. Unbeknown to him, his grip on the cane hardened as he listened to Aurelia."}, "post-91845": {"user": "Empress Aurelia Rexus", "user_num": 3466, "timestamp": "1561813348000", "message": "\"Inconclusive,as things are when men have to come together to make a decision,\" Aurelia answered on behalf of how the \"meeting\" had gone. Her slender, porcelain skinned hand waved in dismissal, her other still curved around Pythius' elbow. The thought of eating made Aurelia feel a little nauseous, but she knew she had to do so... For a number of reasons.Her gown whispered along the length of her legs, black and almost plain were it not for the feminine cut that highlighted the youth and beauty of the young empress. Her veil sparkled subtly with obsidian bead work around the edges, and her pale golden hair was tucked just so beneath it's gauzy darkness, subtly framing her face so no one could forget that she was a maiden, still.\"No, no, Pythius, I'm fine...,\" she answered the aged butler when he offered to soothe her. Her brow perked with interest when he mentioned special seeds. \"Any for me...?\" she asked. She kept a private garden that had a more... Devious set of plants inside, known only to those she trusted most.\"Honestly, if it's anything I need, I need someone to take that Sabina girl in hand. She was at the church this afternoon, giggling with her friend.\" Aurelia hadn't even realized she'd lifted her hand to rub at one temple.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "\""}, "post-91848": {"user": "Pythius", "user_num": 3471, "timestamp": "1561815463000", "message": "\u201cAh, yes, I almost forgot.\u201d, Pythius proclaimed reaching into his leather pouch and pulling out what seemed to a purple, yellow-spotted, seed with a strong odor af acidity about it. He briefly rotated it in his hand, as if showing his wears off to some buyers, but then swiftly put it away. \u201cI left them in the usual place. These are very toxic however, if processed correctly will be as unnoticeable as salt in a cake.\u201d, Pythius spoke in a hushed voice, though Aurelia could hear it as clearly as ever. \u201cSabina? Right, do you wish me to pass word to her? Any tasks? I will deal with her.\u201d, his voice shifted from soothing and warm to neutral and controlled, this was Pythius\u2019 usual voice. He then briefly observed their surroundings and rubbed the head of his cane with brown oil pulled from one of his coat\u2019s pockets. \u201cDo you wish to know anything about other lords or ladies, your Highness? Any... tasks directly to me? Do not worry they cannot hear us for a short period of time\u201d, he carelessly gestured towards crowd that followed them.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "\u201cAh, yes, I almost forgot.\u201d, Pythius proclaimed reaching into his leather pouch and pulling out what seemed to a purple, yellow-spotted, seed with a strong odor af acidity about it. He briefly rotated it in his hand, as if showing his wears off to some buyers, but then swiftly put it away. \u201cI left them in the usual place. These are very toxic however, if processed correctly will be as unnoticeable as salt in a cake.\u201d, Pythius spoke in a hushed voice, though Aurelia could hear it as clearly as ever. \u201cSabina? Right, do you wish me to pass word to her? Any tasks? I will deal with her.\u201d, his voice shifted from soothing and warm to neutral and controlled, this was Pythius\u2019 usual voice. He then briefly observed their surroundings and rubbed the head of his cane with brown oil pulled from one of his coat\u2019s pockets. \u201cDo you wish to know anything about other lords or ladies, your Highness? Any... tasks directly to me? Do not worry they cannot hear us for a short period of time\u201d, he carelessly gestured towards crowd that followed them."}, "post-91858": {"user": "Empress Aurelia Rexus", "user_num": 3466, "timestamp": "1561853092000", "message": "As soon as Pythius drew out the seeds, Aurelia instantly felt her shoulders stiffen and she had to stop herself from glancing over her shoulder to see if anyone was watching. Suspicious-looking behavior caught more notice than acting naturally, but she wasn't pleased that the butler had pulled it out in the open. Their conversation was private, yes, but they were still visible.\"I'm not seeking to poison anyone, Pythius,\" the young Empress remarked. \"It's for pain management of my back. It still strains ever since I gave birth to Theodora,\" she said... just in case anyone was listening in. Her tone warmed, however, and her hand slightly squeezed Pythius' arm with her affection. \"Thank you.\"As the topic moved onto Lady Sabina, Aurelia let out a sigh, large enough that the comely, satin swells of her breasts visible over the edge of her bodice rose and fell. \"I need you to teach her your trade,\" Aurelia confided into the butler. \"She's a girl of... interesting abilities... and with your experience, I think we can make a valuable tool of her.\" As in, train her on how to be an effective spy. The girl could shapeshift into any type of creature, as far as Aurelia knew, and they'd only discovered that when she'd ordered Pythius to scry the girl after an odd exchange some years ago. She and the butler were part of a very, very small group of people that knew of her abilities.\"I want information on Duke Marcus. He's bidding his daughter into the electorate nobility of Vessia, and Isenbardus seems to be falling for it,\" Aurelia stated, careful not to let the small feeling of jealousy get in the way. \"I also want information on King Ottokar and his brood. He made a remark that his children were particularly blood-thirsty on the campaign, and we all know that Alexander died of some plot.\"", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "As soon as "}, "post-91872": {"user": "Pythius", "user_num": 3471, "timestamp": "1561892907000", "message": "\u201cI suppose King Ottokar would be a primary problem then? In that case I will conduct a divination on him, and, if you think it is a good idea, would talk to Sabina and send her to investigate Duke Marcus and his business with Isenbardus\u201d, his whispered as he continued to rub the brown oil into his cane and pronouncing a short prayer to the Saint of Magic in his mind to protect their conversation from outsiders. \u201cWhen is the next meeting due? I will try to gather information on King Ottokar until then however, Sabina\u2019s operation, as you may understand, will take much more time.\u201d, his voice started to shift from monotaenous back to soothing. \u201cRegardless, you should rest. I will bring your meal to you quarters whenever you desire it. Do not overload yourself, you still have your children to take care of.\u201d, his voice carried further warmth and worry, as the conversation became similar to those they frequently had in private . He understood that Aurelia did not need him to know that her children need to be taken care of, he thought it was  important to hear it from another person from time to time. \u201cAnd regarding Sabina, believe me she has a lot of unutilised talent. She will be useful\u201d", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "\u201cI suppose King Ottokar would be a primary problem then? In that case I will conduct a divination on him, and, if you think it is a good idea, would talk to Sabina and send her to investigate Duke Marcus and his business with Isenbardus\u201d, his whispered as he continued to rub the brown oil into his cane and pronouncing a short prayer to the Saint of Magic in his mind to protect their conversation from outsiders. \u201cWhen is the next meeting due? I will try to gather information on King Ottokar until then however, Sabina\u2019s operation, as you may understand, will take much more time.\u201d, his voice started to shift from monotaenous back to soothing. \u201cRegardless, you should rest. I will bring your meal to you quarters whenever you desire it. Do not overload yourself, you still have your children to take care of.\u201d, his voice carried further warmth and worry, as the conversation became similar to those they frequently had in private . He understood that Aurelia did not need him to know that her children need to be taken care of, he thought it was  important to hear it from another person from time to time. \u201cAnd regarding Sabina, believe me she has a lot of unutilised talent. She will be useful\u201d"}, "post-91919": {"user": "Empress Aurelia Rexus", "user_num": 3466, "timestamp": "1561973174000", "message": "When is the next meeting due?\"Tomorrow evening, in the War Room at the Palace,\" she said to the old butler as they continued to walk with slow yet graceful steps, coming ever closer to the palace where it's cold shadow looked over the manicured gardens. Aurelia only gave a brief smile over to Pythius when he urged her to rest and spend time with her children, and gave his elbow a little reassuring squeeze.\"I'm not sure what I would do without you,\" the blonde empress said quietly. \" I'll leave Sabina to your care, then. She should be along shortly; I'm sure you'll know when she's arrived.\" Aurelia laughed a little; very little ever escaped the butler.She slipped her arm from his then and lifted her hands to pull the sheer weight of her thick, black veil over her head once more. Nodding her head to the butler, she gestured to the guards and the handmaidens that walked behind her that she was ready...... And walked out of the sunlight of the gardens and into the darkness of the palace.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "<i>When is the next meeting due?</i>"}, "post-91967": {"user": "Pythius", "user_num": 3471, "timestamp": "1562019214000", "message": "Pythius nodded and watched the Empress vanish in the cool darkness of the palace. He waited for the rest of the servants to follow her. Taking a deep breath, he paced towards the left wing of the palace meeting one of minor servants. \u201cGood day. Alarm me when Lady Sabina arrives, will you?\u201d. Turning around, without waiting for the response, he made his way towards his quarters in the palace.He sat down behind his desk, the door locked, surrounding as silent as the deepest point in the ocean. He placed his tome on the table made of purplewood and started flipping through it looking for the correct page. \u201cThere it is\u201d, he excitedly thought. He did this many times, but each and every one was unique and unpredictable, tiring and rewarding. He put the cane atop the table, in front of the book, and pulled various dried leaves and incense from his pockets. He then arranged them neatly on a silver brazier and ignited the fuel, methodically pouring mixture of sulfur and honey over it.  The smell was... an acquired taste. He closed his eyes and started chanting a long and complex prayer to the Saint of magic, the odor making his brain relaxed, his muscles dissolved in cotton. Pythius\u2019 consciousness was lifted from dark and silent room in the palace and, as if being underwater, he heard distant voice of a foreign, yet familiar language. A man of old age talking to Inquisitors and other servidora of the central government. King Ottokar II. Discussing? Planning? Conspiring? He didn\u2019t make out any sense of the words, it was too rapid, too strict. He snapped back realizing the pain raidiating off of his palm squeezing the cane impossibly hard. He pulled his arm to the nose. Blood. As always. Nothing unusual, except it wasn\u2019t rewarding. But maybe the Saint themselves guided his vision. His rapid breath seemed to stabilize by the time he cleaned the brazier and was making his way to inform Aurelia. The boy stopped him 10 feet away from his door. \u201cMaster Pythius, Lady Sabina arrived\u201d. \u201cGreat\u201d, Pythius thought. He rapidly put on his usual facial expression and thanked the servant and walked to wards the garden. He waited there for other formalities to pass, so he could personally and privately speak to the girl.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Pythius nodded and watched the Empress vanish in the cool darkness of the palace. He waited for the rest of the servants to follow her. Taking a deep breath, he paced towards the left wing of the palace meeting one of minor servants. \u201cGood day. Alarm me when Lady Sabina arrives, will you?\u201d. Turning around, without waiting for the response, he made his way towards his quarters in the palace."}, "post-91971": {"user": "Lady Sabina", "user_num": 3462, "timestamp": "1562020448000", "message": "She'd waited before returning to the palace, not wanting to catch up with the Empress so soon after she'd embarrassed her at the Church. Sabina wasn't an idiot, however. She knew that some type of reprimand or another would be waiting for her when she returned, and so she was loathe to dismiss her handmaiden when she saw Pythius waiting in the gardens.Sabina swallowed, her large doe eyes somehow getting wider. When Sabina had first arrived, she'd had a very private meeting with the Empress for which Pythius was in attendance. It had been made clear to Sabina why she had been brought to court when she was honestly little more than a country bumpkin. Sabina's father enjoyed the quiet life, and so was not at all offended when his brother, the Grand Duke of Renovia, married Aurelia when Aurelia was even younger than Sabina and became pregnant, thus replacing her father as heir to the throne.Sabina was starting to think that her father's take on courtlife was the intelligent one.Docile and humble, Sabina forced some steel into her spine and walked until she was with the aged-servant. She swallowed, then tried to find her voice to speak. \"Master Pythius,\" she said and nodded her head, trying to channel her inner-Aurelia and appear as if she had it all together (even if she really, really didn't).", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "She'd waited before returning to the palace, not wanting to catch up with the Empress so soon after she'd embarrassed her at the Church. Sabina wasn't an idiot, however. She "}, "post-91978": {"user": "Pythius", "user_num": 3471, "timestamp": "1562026505000", "message": "\u201cLady Sabina\u201d, he nodded in response. He could almost taste the discomfort that Sabina radiated as a result of being in the court and close to the palace. \u201cI believe we have some business to discuss. Please follow me.\u201d, he turned around and calmly but hastily walked to wards his quarters. \u201cHow was the event at the Church?\u201d, he was incredibly tired because of previous divination however, he had to sort this out. Once they reached the door, Pythius pulled out the only key to it and invited Sabrina in. He had to somehow translate, or even implant, a behavior amd loyalty suitable to a spy inside this shapeshifter. He sat across the wooden table, the smell of burned insence, dry leaves, and the mixture of sulfur and honey still flowing through the air. \u201cPlease sit, we have much to discuss\u201d. Then for a solid 10 minutes he did not speak, only pierce Sabrina with his usual, grey-ghastly gaze, listening to any words she spoke. \u201cEvery person has a want\u201d, he thought to himself, \u201c I must recruit her, not buy her. She must be commanded by respect or belief into Aurelia, not fear. Fear leads to gravely mistakes\u201d, not a single thought escaped how old, withered mouth.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "\u201cLady Sabina\u201d, he nodded in response. He could almost taste the discomfort that Sabina radiated as a result of being in the court and close to the palace. \u201cI believe we have some business to discuss. Please follow me.\u201d, he turned around and calmly but hastily walked to wards his quarters. \u201cHow was the event at the Church?\u201d, he was incredibly tired because of previous divination however, he had to sort this out. Once they reached the door, Pythius pulled out the only key to it and invited Sabrina in. He had to somehow translate, or even implant, a behavior amd loyalty suitable to a spy inside this shapeshifter. He sat across the wooden table, the smell of burned insence, dry leaves, and the mixture of sulfur and honey still flowing through the air. \u201cPlease sit, we have much to discuss\u201d. Then for a solid 10 minutes he did not speak, only pierce Sabrina with his usual, grey-ghastly gaze, listening to any words she spoke. \u201cEvery person has a want\u201d, he thought to himself, \u201c I must recruit her, not buy her. She must be commanded by respect or belief into Aurelia, not fear. Fear leads to gravely mistakes\u201d, not a single thought escaped how old, withered mouth."}, "post-92067": {"user": "Lady Sabina", "user_num": 3462, "timestamp": "1562143134000", "message": "Sabina bit her lip.. but did as she was asked, and followed after the cane-ridden butler. No one seemed to glance their way or think it odd, given that Sabina belonged to the nobility that Pythius served.The black-haired young woman was quiet, even as she followed the servant into a private room (after glancing up and down the hallway to make sure they weren't seen), and then took a seat at the table as she was bid.Part of her thought it was ridiculous that she was being ordered about by a servant, but the smarter part of her knew that Pythius was no mere servant, and was instead something much more.His statement, followed by his long silence, stumped her, however. Her mouth opened and closed once or twice, much like a fish, confusion etched in her brow and lovely eyes. Finally she closed her mouth, took a breath, and then said...\"Was there something specific you wanted to discuss?\" She wanted to go home, but absolutely knew that wouldn't be possible.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Sabina bit her lip.. but did as she was asked, and followed after the cane-ridden butler. No one seemed to glance their way or think it odd, given that Sabina belonged to the nobility that "}, "post-92136": {"user": "Pythius", "user_num": 3471, "timestamp": "1562283260000", "message": "After a period of oppressing silence, Pythius finally started speaking, \u201cYes, Lady Sabina. My understanding is that you don\u2019t feel quite as... loose here as you would like to be. I personally would gently advise you to attempt to adapt to this envioroment as my, and Empress\u2019 at that, understanding is that we will have a long and fruitful relationship together.\u201d, his voice was constantly shifting between monnotonaus and lifeless, to grandfatherly and caring. \u201cAnd, if you would desire so, feel absolutely free to ask my advise and for my assistance in your process of adaptation. Now, the equally important matter is that you will have to attempt to, and hopefully succeed, infiltrate the discussion and possible plotting between Isenbardus and Marcus. We both know you capabilities and immense potential in this regard, it would be a shame to waste them.\u201d, he conversed with great care, yet with some notes of subtle threat. After finishing his little speech, he placed his hands on top of each other and perceived Sabina\u2019s reaction, with a simple smile on his face concealing his thoughts of future... be it bloody or prosperous. ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "After a period of oppressing silence, Pythius finally started speaking, \u201cYes, Lady Sabina. My understanding is that you don\u2019t feel quite as... loose here as you would like to be. I personally would gently advise you to attempt to adapt to this envioroment as my, and Empress\u2019 at that, understanding is that we will have a long and fruitful relationship together.\u201d, his voice was constantly shifting between monnotonaus and lifeless, to grandfatherly and caring. \u201cAnd, if you would desire so, feel absolutely free to ask my advise and for my assistance in your process of adaptation. Now, the equally important matter is that you will have to attempt to, and hopefully succeed, infiltrate the discussion and possible plotting between Isenbardus and Marcus. We both know you capabilities and immense potential in this regard, it would be a shame to waste them.\u201d, he conversed with great care, yet with some notes of subtle threat. After finishing his little speech, he placed his hands on top of each other and perceived Sabina\u2019s reaction, with a simple smile on his face concealing his thoughts of future... be it bloody or prosperous. "}, "post-92255": {"user": "Lady Sabina", "user_num": 3462, "timestamp": "1562625519000", "message": "She was uncomfortable where she sat, but she did not fidget, merely held herself as she were carved from wood. Her unnaturally bright blue eyes were steady on Pythius' face, and told him quite clearly that she was intimidated by him. Not terrified, not even really scared, but most certainly cowed by his presence even if he were old and gray. She had no doubts that appearances could be deceiving, considering what Sabina could do.Her expression finally faded into one of mild confusion, elegant dark brows drawing together over her smooth forehead. She really did look nothing like the Empress. Pretty, perhaps, but no great beauty, and she favored the strong coloring of the Hapsburg-Portainne family, not Aurelia's golden allure. \"Forgive me, Master Pythius but... Marcus? I know Isenbardus must mean the Duke of Steitz, but Marcus I am unfamiliar with...\"Amia Deluth's father was a relatively \"new\" noble name, and Lady Sabina had been raised by parents who had so much as eschewed their own nobility, let alone those of other ranks in other provinces within the Vessian Empire. Some names everyone knew -- like King Ottokar or Grand Duke Isenbardus -- but those were long-lived titles, earned by bloodline, not by gold.\"How am I to-- to spy upon them? Won't my presence be missed at the palace...?\"", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "She was uncomfortable where she sat, but she did not fidget, merely held herself as she were carved from wood. Her unnaturally bright blue eyes were steady on "}, "post-92267": {"user": "Pythius", "user_num": 3471, "timestamp": "1562631435000", "message": "He observed Sabina drop the curtain of calmness and become startled at the idea of spying. He showed a little smile gently speaking, \u201cYour presence at the court won\u2019t be an issue. They are multiple layers to solve a minor issue such as this. Did you ever want to visit another region, Lady Sabina? See how people of other cultures live, what their routine feels and looks like? Or maybe experience the unusual and strange wildlands and pieces of art? Well, that is precisely one of many ways to conceal your work. Lady Sabina has been struck with an idea of travel, they would say. She went to explore foreign lands, they would say. Meanwhile, you will be disguised as a strategically chosen person and be a useful ally to the Empress. Believe me this way you will be safe and useful. Sooner or later someone wipoild find out about your abilities, but now Sabina does not exist for others anymore. Sabina is not in Vessia anymore. Don\u2019t misunderstand me there are certainly other ways to fix this problem, obliously your own input will be valuable as it affects you, and Empress should be notified about our plan before it\u2019s execution.\u201d, his speech progressed as a monologue, a thought train. He was linking ideas and calculating possible risks of each approach. \u201cMarcus. He is a noble who bough his way through the ladder. Now it is my understanding that he intends to utilize his daughter to marry his way up the ladder. Barbaric.\u201d, even now, with Pythius\u2019 monotonous voice, notes of disgust could be sensed in his words, he despised the lack of freedom of choice. \u201cLady Sabina, you are still so very young, you have got a whole lifetime ahead of you, and trust me, in hands of other people you would me married away just like that poor child. We see something more in you. Untapped goodness. Untapped potential. Untapped ambition\u201d, the words were lacking any emotional background, making it hard to discern any deception or exaggeration that may have been used by Pythius. He certainly did not think that her being in court could be a problem. She was not present for a long period of time anyway. He did not brake eye contact once whilst speaking, though he was one of those people with eyes showing warmth.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "He observed Sabina drop the curtain of calmness and become startled at the idea of spying. He showed a little smile gently speaking, \u201cYour presence at the court won\u2019t be an issue. They are multiple layers to solve a minor issue such as this. Did you ever want to visit another region, Lady Sabina? See how people of other cultures live, what their routine feels and looks like? Or maybe experience the unusual and strange wildlands and pieces of art? Well, that is precisely one of many ways to conceal your work. Lady Sabina has been struck with an idea of travel, they would say. She went to explore foreign lands, they would say. Meanwhile, you will be disguised as a strategically chosen person and be a useful ally to the Empress. Believe me this way you will be safe and useful. Sooner or later someone wipoild find out about your abilities, but now Sabina does not exist for others anymore. Sabina is not in Vessia anymore. Don\u2019t misunderstand me there are certainly other ways to fix this problem, obliously your own input will be valuable as it affects you, and Empress should be notified about our plan before it\u2019s execution.\u201d, his speech progressed as a monologue, a thought train. He was linking ideas and calculating possible risks of each approach. \u201cMarcus. He is a noble who bough his way through the ladder. Now it is my understanding that he intends to utilize his daughter to marry his way up the ladder. Barbaric.\u201d, even now, with Pythius\u2019 monotonous voice, notes of disgust could be sensed in his words, he despised the lack of freedom of choice. \u201cLady Sabina, you are still so very young, you have got a whole lifetime ahead of you, and trust me, in hands of other people you would me married away just like that poor child. We see something more in you. Untapped goodness. Untapped potential. Untapped ambition\u201d, the words were lacking any emotional background, making it hard to discern any deception or exaggeration that may have been used by Pythius. He certainly did not think that her being in court could be a problem. She was not present for a long period of time anyway. He did not brake eye contact once whilst speaking, though he was one of those people with eyes showing warmth."}, "post-92270": {"user": "Lady Sabina", "user_num": 3462, "timestamp": "1562643225000", "message": "Her eyes grew wider as Pythius made it more and more apparent that she'd only come to court to be seen once or twice, and otherwise, it was expected that Lady Sabina was... \"away\" ... And she was supposed to become something else, something... Invisible.\"I'm to... To pretend to be a servant? Or some commoner?\" Although the young woman had been raised in the country and thus was much kinder to the peasantry than most, she still was a lady, and indeed, her father was the nephew of royalty. Then it clicked, and her hands fisted in her lap, unseen due to the table she sat behind. \"Or do you expect me to hold shape for long periods of time? Master Pythius I'm not... I haven't had practice with my ma.. abilities. I think it would be unwise for me to be a... A... Bird or a dog for long periods of time.\"What if she got stuck that way? Indeed, what if she was discovered that way? Sabina could not hold the shape of an animal and the clothes she wore, so if she was ever forced out into the open, she would be naked, humiliated, and likely burned for being a witch.The thought alone made tears begin to well in her bright blue eyes, even as she clenched her jaw tightly shut so it wouldn't wobble.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Her eyes grew wider as "}, "post-92306": {"user": "Pythius", "user_num": 3471, "timestamp": "1562694851000", "message": "Pythius looked at her with in understanding gaze. \u201cI was under the impression that you prefer the common life. And there are no unsolvable issues , Lady Sabina. There is always room to improve, you possess an extraordinary skill set but the proper usage of it is the key in this matter. You certainly will be given time to develop your abilities to a farther extent and I can help you with that, if you would like so.\u201d, his voice shifted back to a grandfatherly, comforting tone. \u201cThere is no denying that this task is very dangerous, but to be fully honest, with the reality of the state we live in you sooner or later will be discovered. A little mistake here and there, and the Inquisition is on your doorstep the next day. Now would you prefer that to happen while you are being useful and working for the Empress, being loyal and noble, helping a member of your family, or while you wake up somewhere living an ordinary simple life. Being reasonable and realistic, and I do not intend to scare or intimidate you in any way, chances of you being executed by the inquisition while being in court are much higher than if they believed that you are out of Vessia.\u201d, he spoke the truth as it seemed to him. The girl , however, was right. She needed to be able to control her skills to a further extent. But more importantly, Pythius had to make sure she wanted to this, not because she was forced to, but because she is loyal to Aurelia. He attempted to speak with empathy and care.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Pythius looked at her with in understanding gaze. \u201cI was under the impression that you prefer the common life. And there are no unsolvable issues , Lady Sabina. There is always room to improve, you possess an extraordinary skill set but the proper usage of it is the key in this matter. You certainly will be given time to develop your abilities to a farther extent and I can help you with that, if you would like so.\u201d, his voice shifted back to a grandfatherly, comforting tone. \u201cThere is no denying that this task is very dangerous, but to be fully honest, with the reality of the state we live in you sooner or later will be discovered. A little mistake here and there, and the Inquisition is on your doorstep the next day. Now would you prefer that to happen while you are being useful and working for the Empress, being loyal and noble, helping a member of your family, or while you wake up somewhere living an ordinary simple life. Being reasonable and realistic, and I do not intend to scare or intimidate you in any way, chances of you being executed by the inquisition while being in court are much higher than if they believed that you are out of Vessia.\u201d, he spoke the truth as it seemed to him. The girl , however, was right. She needed to be able to control her skills to a further extent. But more importantly, Pythius had to make sure she wanted to this, not because she was forced to, but because she is loyal to Aurelia. He attempted to speak with empathy and care."}, "post-92308": {"user": "Lady Sabina", "user_num": 3462, "timestamp": "1562695350000", "message": "She couldn't look Pythius in the eye, even as his tone warmed and softened and he tried to assuage her fears. Her fears, however, were legitimate, as even Pythius claimed, but when given the choice as he put it -- potentially die protecting your family, or potentially die while in denial? -- did help her to see a little more clearly.She sniffled again, and blinked rapidly again, only to pull a dainty handkerchief from a pocket of her dress and dab at her eyes, careful not to smudge the minimal amount of make up she wore to highlight the shape and beauty of her gaze. She was only pretty, and that was perhaps because of the incredible allure of her eyes.\"I understand you, Master Pythius,\" she said to the aged butler. \"And I agree. I am only... I'm scared,\" she admitted, making her chest tighten as she finally did look up at him rather than the scarred face of the rough-hewn table. \"If I am caught spying... won't the Empress be assumed to be behind it?\" Her knowledge of spycraft was obviously very, very low.How on earth was he going to shape this soft country girl into a sleek iron weapon for the Empress?", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "She couldn't look "}, "post-92315": {"user": "Pythius", "user_num": 3471, "timestamp": "1562699783000", "message": "Pythius stood up and limped over to the drawer pulling out a kettle and 2 ceramic cups. He then picked 4 different bands of yellow and blue leaves and pouting water into the kettle, placing it over the fire. \u201cIf you are caught, which, I assure you, you will be trained to escape, you will make sure to not disclose any information regarding your reason for this procedure neither you will say who employed you. That will ruin all of your work and put not only The Empress but the whole Hapsburg-Portainne line in danger.\u201d, he spoke in process of making tea, his hands shaking a little, his voice remaining soft. \u201cLady Sabina, I believe that we can continue discussing this matter further tomorrow after the counsil, or today in the evening if you desire so. You need to think and come to understanding with yourself.\u201d, he pored two cups of mint-green tea and placed one of the cups in front of Sabina. \u201cLet me tell you something. There is no better way to die, than to do so for an idea or protection of someone else. We people are mortal, and, who knows if we actually join the gods in the afterlife. The best way to go, at least in my opinion, is in the way that others will remember you. Don\u2019t fear failure or death. One makes you stronger, other makes you immortal, if you learn on your mistakes and die the right way that is.\u201d, sipping the steaming liquid, the taste of piny mint and sharp warmth relaxed his body, he was an old man, and his body did not age as well as his mind. \u201cYou know, I think I met your father once. I was serving Empress\u2019s husband then, and we went to meet him. A simple life he led. Just a man. A kind, gentle man. At least he seemed to be one.\u201d", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Pythius stood up and limped over to the drawer pulling out a kettle and 2 ceramic cups. He then picked 4 different bands of yellow and blue leaves and pouting water into the kettle, placing it over the fire. \u201cIf you are caught, which, I assure you, you will be trained to escape, you will make sure to not disclose any information regarding your reason for this procedure neither you will say who employed you. That will ruin all of your work and put not only The Empress but the whole Hapsburg-Portainne line in danger.\u201d, he spoke in process of making tea, his hands shaking a little, his voice remaining soft. \u201cLady Sabina, I believe that we can continue discussing this matter further tomorrow after the counsil, or today in the evening if you desire so. You need to think and come to understanding with yourself.\u201d, he pored two cups of mint-green tea and placed one of the cups in front of Sabina. \u201cLet me tell you something. There is no better way to die, than to do so for an idea or protection of someone else. We people are mortal, and, who knows if we actually join the gods in the afterlife. The best way to go, at least in my opinion, is in the way that others will remember you. Don\u2019t fear failure or death. One makes you stronger, other makes you immortal, if you learn on your mistakes and die the right way that is.\u201d, sipping the steaming liquid, the taste of piny mint and sharp warmth relaxed his body, he was an old man, and his body did not age as well as his mind. \u201cYou know, I think I met your father once. I was serving Empress\u2019s husband then, and we went to meet him. A simple life he led. Just a man. A kind, gentle man. At least he seemed to be one.\u201d"}, "post-92335": {"user": "Lady Sabina", "user_num": 3462, "timestamp": "1562721792000", "message": "She hardly felt comforted by his talk of death, and making it sound so imminent, as if it were really just beyond that closed door. Her tears didn't stop rolling down her cheeks, but they were slow-paced and one couldn't really call it crying as her breathing was still even and she wasn't giving in to hysterics.No, the few years she shed were perhaps for an innocence lost, or feeling as if she'd yet again been backed into a corner.She watched the butler make the tea then place it before her. She knew it wasn't poisoned... They needed her too much. Reaching out, her hands were steady as she picked up the cup and sipped.\"If it is all the same to you, Master Pythius, I would prefer to begin and just... Be done with it all.\" She didn't want to talk about her father. Both of her parents had been flattered that the Empress herself wanted to help her former husband's family so-- because surely, having Sabina at court meant that she'd make a very worthy marriage.Little had anyone known...", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "She hardly felt comforted by his talk of death, and making it sound so imminent, as if it were really just beyond that closed door. Her tears didn't stop rolling down her cheeks, but they were slow-paced and one couldn't really call it "}, "post-92374": {"user": "Pythius", "user_num": 3471, "timestamp": "1562783580000", "message": "\u201cOh, training to be a spy is not a very quick process, but you are right we don\u2019t have much time. I will tell you some of the lessons I know myself, but you will be mostly using common sense. Remember not to be greedy, meaning that if you feel your shapeshifting wearing off do not push for more information. Being caught is worse than anything else. Although you will have to establish a schedule in order to get to important information in time. Tomorrow we will try and see how much you can hold a form while shapeshifting, and we will try human shapeshifting.\u201d, Pythius himslef wasn\u2019t a spy, and he didn\u2019t really know how to teach someone to become one. However, years of exanimation of behaviour of courtly persons in their natural habitats lend him hand in this. \u201cUpon receiving important information you can deliver it back by some means. I will take care of that. Now then, your target is primarily Archduke Isenbardus and his possible relationship with Duke Marcus who bough his way to nobility. They may conspire to do something and to my personal mind, Isenbardus is a dormant volcano, examination is in order. I believe that trial is the best teacher so, you will practice in the following days, but not too much, we do t ant to loose out precious time with Isenbardus.\u201d, he was concerned at this point. The further the conversation went, the further Pythius realised that Sabina didn\u2019t know the first thing about spying. He might have to bind a demon to train her, but that would cost him something as his recent divination wasn\u2019t the most pleasant experience. The tears didn\u2019t reinforce Pythius\u2019 confidence in Sabina either. Well, the subject was certainly of emotional kind for her, but he didn\u2019t anticipate something so fragile and different to be granted such useful power, and certainly plucked out by Aurelia. Ironic.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "\u201cOh, training to be a spy is not a very quick process, but you are right we don\u2019t have much time. I will tell you some of the lessons I know myself, but you will be mostly using common sense. Remember not to be greedy, meaning that if you feel your shapeshifting wearing off do not push for more information. Being caught is worse than anything else. Although you will have to establish a schedule in order to get to important information in time. Tomorrow we will try and see how much you can hold a form while shapeshifting, and we will try human shapeshifting.\u201d, Pythius himslef wasn\u2019t a spy, and he didn\u2019t really know how to teach someone to become one. However, years of exanimation of behaviour of courtly persons in their natural habitats lend him hand in this. \u201cUpon receiving important information you can deliver it back by some means. I will take care of that. Now then, your target is primarily Archduke Isenbardus and his possible relationship with Duke Marcus who bough his way to nobility. They may conspire to do something and to my personal mind, Isenbardus is a dormant volcano, examination is in order. I believe that trial is the best teacher so, you will practice in the following days, but not too much, we do t ant to loose out precious time with Isenbardus.\u201d, he was concerned at this point. The further the conversation went, the further Pythius realised that Sabina didn\u2019t know the first thing about spying. He might have to bind a demon to train her, but that would cost him something as his recent divination wasn\u2019t the most pleasant experience. The tears didn\u2019t reinforce Pythius\u2019 confidence in Sabina either. Well, the subject was certainly of emotional kind for her, but he didn\u2019t anticipate something so fragile and different to be granted such useful power, and certainly plucked out by Aurelia. Ironic."}}