{"post-3190": {"user": "Isra - The Free City", "user_num": 255, "timestamp": "1432927656000", "message": "DescriptionA large circle made of stone bricks has been formed on the growing construction site of The Free City. The circle is extremely large, with fifty points marked around its circumference by black torch stands lit by blue flames that float above them in a small sphere. Inside the circle, a shimmering layer of silk-like silver floats above the ground; changing colour and shape as required to show what is needed at the time.\u00a0In CharacterGathering crowds stood back beyond the circle, then parted into two halves as fifty robed men and women marched out towards it in two columns. At the front, Ildesias Xen Torsal led them, his garb of armour and leather unchanged from its usual appearance. When they reached the circumference, Ildesias stepped forwards around the first black stand and then sat down just before it as the crowd went silent in anticipation.Seconds later each column of mages went a separate way, one right and the other left and began to walk around the stones until they met again at the other side. Each time they passed a torch, one mage would split from their respective column and take a seat in front of it, until by the end there were none left standing.\u00a0\"This conjunction will require great effort and magical power,\" Ildesias spoke to them, his eyes closed. \"Yet between us, we should have the power required to perform this feat. It has never before been attempted on this scale and as such, we should expect to be here for at least an entire day as we channel our collective powers into this spell. A spell that will move stone and lumber and craft them together as though only the finest craftsmen and builders were working. Architects, please step into the circle and picture your creations.\"A dozen men stepped forth, each wearing the type of apparel one might expect an artisan to wear. One by one, they stepped into the circle and the silvery silk began to swarm around their ankles like a fog, or stream of water. The majority of them had rolled up parchments and scrolls, which they placed together in the very centre of the gathering before stepping back and forming a ring around them.\"Concentrate,\" Ildesias reminded them. \"Picture what you have designed in their most complete form.\"As the architects began to do so, the flame hovering above Ildesias' head began to flicker and grow, while his own eyes began to glow a similar colour. Seeing this, the other mages began to copy him and allowed their mana to flow like a stream back behind them into the floating balls of light and flame. Then, when each ball was sufficiently charged, beams of blue light began to form; pulsating out of all fifty orbs and meeting in the centre of the circle as one.\u00a0", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "<div style=\"text-align:center;\"><b>Description</b></div>"}, "post-3214": {"user": "Dracoavis Noctus", "user_num": 248, "timestamp": "1432941587000", "message": "Dracoavis worked her way across the plains on foot, approaching the crowd. She wore an awkward, bulky cloak made of various animal skins and rags, just large enough to cover her wings, feet and face. As she walked, she occasionally gave a little hop and skip. She preferred flying to walking, but didn't want to raise too much suspicion in a crowd of strangers. So, for now, she walked, her jewelry jingling under the cloak.She tried her best to see above the crowd, but being only five feet tall has its disadvantages. All she could see was bright blue light radiating from the area ahead. She shook her head and let out a disgruntled sigh. She would have to work her way through the crowd to see what all the commotion was. She began pushing and shouldering her way past the crowd of people, trying her best to avoid clipping them with her wings and to keep her talons hidden. A few gave her a wary eye, but most seemed focused on what was ahead. Finally, she broke through the front of the crowd, and stood in shock. She had seen magic before, sure, but only from traveling mages and petty wizards, and certainly nothing on this scale. It took her a few moments to simply take in the sight, her mouth slightly agape, and she nervously rubbed her wrist. After a while, she shook herself from her daze and looked around for somebody who seemed to know what was going on. \"What is all of this?\" She spoke to no one in particular.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Dracoavis worked her way across the plains on foot, approaching the crowd. She wore an awkward, bulky cloak made of various animal skins and rags, just large enough to cover her wings, feet and face. As she walked, she occasionally gave a little hop and skip. She preferred flying to walking, but didn't want to raise too much suspicion in a crowd of strangers. So, for now, she walked, her jewelry jingling under the cloak."}, "post-3230": {"user": "The Phoenix State", "user_num": 208, "timestamp": "1432962420000", "message": "A convoy of materials would arrive. Large amounts of supplies were dropped off at the northern plateau. More were heading to the southern plataeu. None the less, beings wearing garments and armor bearing The Phoenix States emblem. \"We have enough supplies here for twenty homes and the foundation of a large building. It is stone and brick, as well as some tar and steel. Hope this is enough to get started with and last till the next convoy.\"For now the convoy would watch the magic at work.     ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "A convoy of materials would arrive. Large amounts of supplies were dropped off at the northern plateau. More were heading to the southern plataeu. None the less, beings wearing garments and armor bearing The Phoenix States emblem. "}, "post-3264": {"user": "Ildesias Xen Torsal", "user_num": 193, "timestamp": "1433084378000", "message": "\"The construction of a citadel,\" a spectator who heard Dracoavis told her, while looking on in awe.Ildesias, meanwhile, began to pour more of his mana into the spell, as did the other mages. It was an extremely difficult and tiring task, but they would have to persevere. Now that the spell had begun, there was no turning back; trying to withdraw mana now would mean certain death for the mage, who would most certainly end up absorbing a lethal amount of magic from the gathered energy in the circle.The architects and designers in the centre began to concentrate, for it was they who would direct the power to do what needed to be done. The mages were there only to act as a power source; a conduit and a force of labour. Slowly, the designated construction zone in the distance began to shake and rumble, as though a mighty earthquake was threatening to split the ground open. In the sky, dark clouds began to spread under the sun, to the point whereas only a few rays of light would breach the darkness.This ground, rumbling and shaking without threatening to cease, would slowly begin to rise following a mighty crack. A huge area in the centre of the plain pushing up against the ground above it until the very earth began to move - rising like a hill that would permanently change the face of the plains.Then, atop this hill, an illusion would begin to shimmer into being. A translucent image of a grand, fortified citadel. A large, central keep surrounded by high walls and adorned by huge statues of proudly armoured knights holding spears. A huge, steel-reinforced gate would form upon the wall facing them and smaller towers would begin to rise around an ever-expanding central keep. This image, revealing itself like a painting slowly completed over the course of several hours, would be almost unimaginably large. Yet that was the central design of the city; a central, fortified area. In the future, this keep would stand an island amidst a sea of buildings erected outside this wall; The Free City, where the houses and business of those who chose to live there would stand. By the time this illusion had been completed, half a day had passed. \"Now, it is time to make this illusion a reality,\" Ildesias spoke, his breathing heavy. One of the mages nearby to him had almost fainted, but an assistant quickly held him back up.It was dusk. The sun crept below the mountains to the west and fires were being lit around the circle so that they could see. The moon shone upon the new hill in the distance, with an image that had changed to reflect what it would look like in the evening. The gathered materials would move. Lumber, stone, iron and steel, ceramics and glasses, paving stones and huge rolls of coloured cloths, ropes, twines, barrels, crates - everything needed. A stockpile of resources that almost seemed too much to count covering the area by the settler's camp like a large town of its own. It wouldn't be a slow transportation to the construction area; there would be no river of men carrying things to and fro', or even bricks and logs slowly floating over the ground as though held by some anti-gravitational force. Indeed, what happened was far more violent - a sudden rush of construction materials catapulting through the sky at speeds almost too fast to comprehend.The supplies would shoot over to the illusion, twisting, crushing and reforming along the way - before slamming down inside the painted image as though each piece had already chosen a designated zone. Foundations were build, walls were formed brick by brick as flying stone slammed down in a perfect and architecturally sound formation. Slowly, as crackles and huge spouts of blue lightning escaped the mages' circle to strike far off points in the distance, the architect's illusion was building itself into reality.This would continue for hours. Towers rising, wood forming itself into gates, iron and steel bars nestling themselves into reinforcing positions before stone and lumber set in around them. Statues carved from huge slabs of rocks by invisible, non-existent giants and then set in place... The scene was possibly the most astonishing thing seen in the last thousand years; the huge citadel of a future city, literally building itself in a matter of hours.When dawn finally broke, the structures were complete. A structure that looked as though it could stand for a thousand years or more; as though it had been there for hundreds of years before their arrival. When the final decorations and fitments were finished, Ildesias was the only one of the 50 still conscious, as one by one they had all fallen into a sleep fuelled by unimaginable mental exhaustion.With nothing else left to do, Ildesias stood as the last of the magic in the circle was used. \"Behold, your future home,\" he proclaimed, before he too fell into a dreamless rest.", "link_list": [], "image_list": ["http://oi62.tinypic.com/iwq7p4.jpg"], "html": "\"The construction of a citadel,\" a spectator who heard Dracoavis told her, while looking on in awe."}, "post-3317": {"user": "Andraste Ruana", "user_num": 264, "timestamp": "1433174205000", "message": "The wall of people is suddenly broken by a trotting walnut-coloured muscular horse with an uncanny white mane, pushing people out of the way with little regard for their feelings on the matter. Atop the horse sits a sorceress clothed in red robes traced with gold filigree, her hood pulled over her head to shadow her face, her staff and tome slung over the horse's side. Softly glowing orange eyes peer out from under the hood, admiring the build site as the sorceress slows to a halt before the construction circle. Evidently, the work was done, and so she dismounts, retrieving her staff and tome before entering the circle without fear of reprisal, approaching one of the magi in the center and kneeling down, before breathing a reviving fire into his lungs. The man awakens with a jolt.\"Good evening, friend,\" comes a placid voice from under the hood, from pink lips turned up in a soft, muted smile, \"I have come here to serve the lord of this new city. Is he present?\"", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "The wall of people is suddenly broken by a trotting walnut-coloured muscular horse with an uncanny white mane, pushing people out of the way with little regard for their feelings on the matter. Atop the horse sits a sorceress clothed in red robes traced with gold filigree, her hood pulled over her head to shadow her face, her staff and tome slung over the horse's side. Softly glowing orange eyes peer out from under the hood, admiring the build site as the sorceress slows to a halt before the construction circle. Evidently, the work was done, and so she dismounts, retrieving her staff and tome before entering the circle without fear of reprisal, approaching one of the magi in the center and kneeling down, before breathing a reviving fire into his lungs. The man awakens with a jolt."}, "post-3319": {"user": "Dracoavis Noctus", "user_num": 248, "timestamp": "1433176264000", "message": "Dracoavis had spent most of the construction time helping those in the crowd where she could. Though most were focused on the spectacle happening before them, which she had to admit was rather spectacular, people still needed to eat and rest. For a short while after she pulled away from the front of the crowd, she wandered, observing those who had gathered in the plains. Many were peasants and pserfs, with little to their name, It made sense, if they were really building a city. Many would look for a means of escape and a better life for their family.She found one pocket of people that had grouped together. They seemed in slightly worse condition than the others around them. They're clothes were little more than cheap rags tied together, and their skin looked stretched taught over their bodies, uncomfortably skinny. As she watched, they seemed to be scrounging what food they could from their companions, and immediately gave it to the youngest ones amongst them, the older ones going hungry. She shook her head and started towards the edge of the plains. I can't help build the city, but I can at least help the people who will live in it. Once among the trees at the edge of the plains, she shrugged off her cloak and stuffed it into her bag, giving her wings a few flaps to stretch them out. Much better.She spent about an hour hopping and flying between the trees, hunting small game and foraging for edible plants. She managed to gather a full sack of animals with plenty of meat on them and some herbs with basic medicinal value. If they were smart, they could make some good clothes for cold weather out of the fur, keep themselves healthy with the herbs, and eat the meat for several days. She began to leave the woods, when she stopped herself and almost laughed. She had almost forgotten to put back on her cloak. Tucking in her wings, she wrapped herself in the large cloth, and double checked that nothing odd was showing.It was dark when she got back to the crowd, and most of the group she had observed were asleep except for a child leaning against a worn wooden chest. If she had to guess, that chest contained all of their possessions, and they took turns watching it. The young child seemed only half awake, and could hardly keep himself awake. Walking up casually, the boy seemed to perk up and glare at her, a warning. She simply smiled and tossed the large bag of goods in front of him. His eyes went wide, and he opened his mouth to speak, but she stopped him. She moved a gauntleted claw from her cloak and raised a finger to her lips, the steel glinting in the firelight from all around. And with that, she resumed her wandering, looking for others to help.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Dracoavis had spent most of the construction time helping those in the crowd where she could. Though most were focused on the spectacle happening before them, which she had to admit was rather spectacular, people still needed to eat and rest. For a short while after she pulled away from the front of the crowd, she wandered, observing those who had gathered in the plains. Many were peasants and pserfs, with little to their name, It made sense, if they were really building a city. Many would look for a means of escape and a better life for their family."}, "post-3321": {"user": "Ildesias Xen Torsal", "user_num": 193, "timestamp": "1433182843000", "message": "Awakened by a sorceress' power, Ildesias rose and let out a sigh. \"I see I was woken prematurely from my dream,\" he said, before switching his gaze to Andraste and then raising it up towards the Citadel in the distance. \"The city has no lord. At least, not yet; the leader of the council retired recently. I suppose, if anyone, I am the closest it has to a leader right now.\"\"Besides, the city is not yet complete. That is merely the citadel, our centre of government. Where the ruling body and armed guard will make their home. An impregnable fortress around which the true city will be built.\"He looked over towards the crowd, several of whom were tending to the unconscious mages. Ildesias looked back, saying, \"but for now, until their homes are complete, these people will reside there for the security and shelter it offers. Everyone, prepare to leave your camp. We move to the Citadel immediately!\"As he began to walk towards the huge structure, his eyes found Dracoavis Noctus. Something seemed unusual about her, but he decided that even if she was more than one of the many faces present, it wasn't worth approaching her to inquire.  ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Awakened by a sorceress' power, Ildesias rose and let out a sigh. \"I see I was woken prematurely from my dream,\" he said, before switching his gaze to Andraste and then raising it up towards the Citadel in the distance. \"The city has no lord. At least, not yet; the leader of the council retired recently. I suppose, if anyone, I am the closest it has to a leader right now.\""}, "post-3323": {"user": "Andraste Ruana", "user_num": 264, "timestamp": "1433184563000", "message": "There's an uncanny placidness about the woman, as well as an unnatural warmth emanating from her body, lending to her overall sense of mystery and mysticism. For most, it could be called unnerving, though she doesn't particularly seem to mind the wariness of those around them as she helps the mage to his feet, listening intently to what he has to say. \"Ah, well, what a stroke of luck for me, then,\" states Andraste with a slightly wider smile, ignoring the bit about the incomplete city. Before the group can move she bows before Ildesias and states, \"I stand ready to follow your orders, my lord, and I apologise for placing my unworthy lips upon your own to revive you.\" she raises back up to her full height and removes her hood, revealing her gentle features and striking crimson hair. \"My name is Andraste Ruana, Master Sorceress of the Collegium of Keiren, in the South. I am proficient in many schools of magic, chief among them Pyromancy and Restorative Charms and Invocation. I may be used in any capacity which my lord desires, barring literal slavery. May I ask your name, my lord?\"", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "There's an uncanny placidness about the woman, as well as an unnatural warmth emanating from her body, lending to her overall sense of mystery and mysticism. For most, it could be called unnerving, though she doesn't particularly seem to mind the wariness of those around them as she helps the mage to his feet, listening intently to what he has to say. "}, "post-3356": {"user": "Ildesias Xen Torsal", "user_num": 193, "timestamp": "1433212861000", "message": "\"You don't need to call me 'lord'. Ildesias will do, since that is my actual name. Ildesias Xen Torsal,\" he told Andraste, a name with which she might be familiar. A powerful mage and accomplished knight of long life, Ildesias was also a scholar who had authored several well-known works on magical theorem and philosophy. \"Anyway, you should accompany us to the Citadel. The people need to be moved there immediately until they can build their homes around it.\"Ildesias turned, making his way up the new hill towards the huge structure. ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "\"You don't need to call me 'lord'. Ildesias will do, since that is my actual name. Ildesias Xen Torsal,\" he told Andraste, a name with which she might be familiar. A powerful mage and accomplished knight of long life, Ildesias was also a scholar who had authored several well-known works on magical theorem and philosophy. "}, "post-5527": {"user": "Garo Zelsai", "user_num": 33, "timestamp": "1437427210000", "message": "Meanwhile, Garo and his two wolf pets returned to the Free City. As there were yet to be city gates, he hopefully walked in without hassle. While not much time had passed, the progress within his absence was stunning. Garo looked around in amazement at the magnitude of the effort, of all the magic and planning and labor involved. It was at this point that he felt truly, but distantly, proud. While he hadn't stuck around to be recognized for his early efforts in guarding the plains from goblins, he knew he at least played a part.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Meanwhile, Garo and his two wolf pets returned to the Free City. As there were yet to be city gates, he hopefully walked in without hassle. While not much time had passed, the progress within his absence was stunning. Garo looked around in amazement at the magnitude of the effort, of all the magic and planning and labor involved. It was at this point that he felt truly, but distantly, proud. While he hadn't stuck around to be recognized for his early efforts in guarding the plains from goblins, he knew he at least played a part."}}