{"post-60649": {"user": "Rani", "user_num": 399, "timestamp": "1488242225000", "message": "Rani has returned from her trip to Isra and has managed to find more vines of the fruit she discovered. For now her farm would be very humble, as she did not have money yet to make a super efficient system. She found a tree out in the plains and planted the Kiwano seeds near it. The shaman had used her earth magicks to make the soil healthier and began doing a ritual to make it rain. After dancing for half an hour Rani took a break.\u00a0She now had to think of how she was going to protect her crop once it grows. It would be safe from animals, because of it's thorns and from the vine climbing up the tree, but what if a person came along and decided to steal them? She couldn't just stay here all the time to watch them...It was getting late in the day, Rani wanted to sleep. For now she could leave her crop since it wasn't even out of the dirt yet. She headed for town.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Rani has returned from her trip to Isra and has managed to find more vines of the fruit she discovered. For now her farm would be very humble, as she did not have money yet to make a super efficient system. She found a tree out in the plains and planted the Kiwano seeds near it. The shaman had used her earth magicks to make the soil healthier and began doing a ritual to make it rain. After dancing for half an hour Rani took a break.\u00a0"}, "post-61305": {"user": "Rani", "user_num": 399, "timestamp": "1489185369000", "message": "Rani returns to her farm tree with some supplies like hunks of wood and a hammock. She hangs the hammock on the tree, she figured it would be best if she lived near her crops, for now she would sleep in the hammock with some warm blankets. Now she gets to work making a way to protect her crops, she gets to carving the wood she brought, making an intricate design and infusing it with magic. After hours of work she completed a totem and dug a hole to stick it in. This totem would be her security system, throwing small fireballs at trespassers at an increasing pace the closer one gets.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Rani returns to her farm tree with some supplies like hunks of wood and a hammock. She hangs the hammock on the tree, she figured it would be best if she lived near her crops, for now she would sleep in the hammock with some warm blankets. Now she gets to work making a way to protect her crops, she gets to carving the wood she brought, making an intricate design and infusing it with magic. After hours of work she completed a totem and dug a hole to stick it in. "}}