{"post-89300": {"user": "Tawakoshi", "user_num": 2480, "timestamp": "1551041774000", "message": "Emperor Katsuhiko, his close family and the nobles of his court live here. A beautiful and serene palace in the heart of the Capital City, it is secluded from the quotidian worries of the citizens outside. Immaculate gardens surround the pavilions, covered walkways, and buildings; while within, sequestered nobles amuse themselves with art and poetry and tread very seriously the hierarchies of the court.Some say the palace is a gilded birdcage, for while the Emperor is safe within, his safety is paramount, and he is not allowed to leave.  ", "link_list": [], "image_list": ["https://farm8.staticflickr.com/7826/40235996013_a095b30194.jpg", "https://farm8.staticflickr.com/7873/47148930222_5fa1abd4d4.jpg", "https://farm8.staticflickr.com/7901/40235996143_3fe5905470.jpg"], "html": "Emperor Katsuhiko, his close family and the nobles of his court live here. A beautiful and serene palace in the heart of the Capital City, it is secluded from the quotidian worries of the citizens outside. Immaculate gardens surround the pavilions, covered walkways, and buildings; while within, sequestered nobles amuse themselves with art and poetry and tread very seriously the hierarchies of the court."}, "post-90277": {"user": "Lady Kiri Hizashi", "user_num": 2726, "timestamp": "1558042038000", "message": "An Imperial ProclamationOutside the Imperial palace the nobles gathered. The wide courtyard held ranks of courtiers and high ranking samurai and both sides, behind the daimyos and generals, those highest ranking in their houses, all dressed in their finest. Below gathered many who had fought in the Hizashi armies of North and South, and of Quying's Navy. Lord Akagi's Disciples of the Wavewarden who had been decisive in both the battle for the Capital and dispersing the fires were permitted to gather openly, the first time that magic users had freely used their powers in the city and been accepted in many years. Citizens of the capital watched from the courtyard's furthest edge, faced by a row of green-armoured Imperial guards. The summer air was heavy, but the slight breath of wind hinted at autumn's approach. The mood was alert and expectant for the Imperial Proclamation, but not without a note of melancholy. A subdued triumph for the Hizashi clan, as not long after the Battle for Xuandao, Lord Kojuro had received word from his sister in Kiyonai that their uncle Genji had finally passed away from his long illness. Kiri walked from the entrance of the Imperial Palace out onto the high stone veranda and waited at the top of the low, wide steps that led out to the gathering, accompanied by several other women of the court. Her pace was slow, her hands clasped demurely, but she took no pains to lower her eyes in front of this illustrious crowd. She wore heavy, stately dress of many layers \u2013 the type only worn by ladies of the Imperial court, hidden inside the palace along with the gentlemen, with only their intrigues and poetry to while away the time. That, like many things, would soon change. Behind Kiri, four noblemen in court robes carried a litter shrouded in bamboo blinds. If the light shone in a certain way, behind the narrow slats it would be possible to catch a glimpse of the silhouette of the august person within \u2013 His Imperial Majesty, The Emperor Katsuhiko. The noblemen set the litter down at the top of the steps. A great rustle was heard as all turned and bowed towards the Emperor, touching their foreheads to the ground. Kiri half rose in silence, moved to the side of the enclosed box, bowed once more, listened to some whispered instructions, and received through the slatted blinds some paper, bearing the Imperial Seal. Once again showed obesience to her cousin the Emperor and then turned to face the crowd. She stood and descended the steps. From there she looked over the assembled nobles and samurai, enjoying the dramatic and pregnant pause before she spoke. \u201cHis Imperial Majesty, Son of the Heavens, The Jade Emperor Katsuhiko has commanded that I, his cousin Princess Kiri of the Clan Hizashi, should announce his solemn and heartfelt wishes for the future of the Empire of Tawakoshi.\u201d If there was any moment in which Kiri's ambitions reached their summit, it was now. Never would she, as herself, have so great an audience. It would certainly not do for the Emperor to speak directly, so who better person than his noble cousin who also just happened to be married to one of the Hizashi clan's highest members? After this, all her personal glory would once again be focused on her husband and her children, but for this moment, she deigned to perform her task well and beautifully. She was entirely composed. She knew everything of the content of the paper she held in her hand. At least half of it she had whispered into the Emperor's ear herself. Kiri slid a nail under the Imperial Seal and in the silence, the crack of the wax was audible. \u201cHis Imperial Majesty, Emperor Katsuhiko, would like to pass on his gratitude for the combined efforts of the Hizashi and Zuikaku and all their vassal clans, for removing the tyrant Ogino and his underlings, and restoring the freedom and dignity of the Imperial House. The rule of law and the supreme authority of our nation is now once again as it should be, in the hands of our Emperor. However, His Majesty states that his role as intermediary between Gods and Man is not to be undertaken trivially, and so he has seen fit to re-form the Imperial Court to sit in the Capital as the highest authority, and entrust the governing of the realm to those most capable. His Majesty has seen fit to appoint a Lord Regent to sit at the head of the court and take earthly decisions on his behalf. To this position will ascend by imperial decree His Majesty's loyal and capable servant and cousin-by-marriage Lord Hizashi Homura. \u201cTo the Court will also be appointed the Head of Clan Zuikaku, Lord Zuikaku Akagi in the role of Lord Admiral of the Imperial Navy. Lord Akagi has returned the domain of Quying to be one with the Empire again, and in return, Quying is to be given the status of Protectorate \u2013 with discretion to uphold its own traditions and to make its own laws, providing those laws do not contradict the edicts of the Imperial Court. Zuikaku Akagi and his successors shall be Lords of the domain of Quying in perpetuity.\u201cTo the Court will also be appointed the Head of Clan Hizashi, Lord Hizashi Kojuro in the role of Lord General of the Imperial Army. Hizashi Kojuro and his successors shall continue to be Lords of the domain of Kiyonai in perpetuity, and in addition, he and his successors are granted the domains of Jeoncho and Sarisu in perpetuity.\u201d There were other appointments, many more words of the Emperor's for Kiri to relay to the assembled gathering. Daimyos would continue to rule the provinces as they always had, and their vassal clans beneath them, but over all would be a civil court chosen by the Emperor to make decisions that affected the whole nation, rather than a military Shogun. Each Daimyo or important person held a court rank too, thus ensuring that the ties were fully bound. It was no coincidence that the Imperial Court was being stacked with Hizashi clan members and loyal allies. All in all, despite hitches, events had played out rather well, Kiri thought, as she finally rolled the scroll, lowered her eyelids and bowed. She took two steps backwards, her part finished, for the moment.SPOILER: Click to showTagging people who are likely to be there:\u00a0Daimyo Akagi Zuikaku Regent Homura Hizashi @yasuke Wuppo Kojuro Hizashi @asuka Sayuri Hirayama Yakumo Teiko", "link_list": ["javascript:void(0);", "/user/1679", "/user/2725", "/user/2387", "/user/2287", "/user/2379", "/user/2894"], "image_list": [], "html": "<div style=\"text-align:center;\"><font size=\"5\">An Imperial Proclamation</font></div>"}, "post-90278": {"user": "Kojuro Hizashi", "user_num": 2287, "timestamp": "1558042090000", "message": "Kojuro sat to the front of the ranked gathering, closest to the steps. It was a position of high honour. None who were merely of the samurai class sat higher. There had been those, at the end, urging him to claim himself Shogun. He would be entitled, he took the Capital, destroyed Ogino. All he had to do was reach out and take the prize. But he had just shaken his head. It was never something he wanted. Even this was too much, far too much. He had always expected that he would take the city, then hand it to Genji. \u201cThere, uncle, I did what you wanted, what you always thought best.\u201d \u201cGood boy, Kojuro,\u201d perhaps he would have said, and Kojuro would have been proud and pleased. Now here, uncle, you take back the Hizashi clan. Take the honours. Take the glory. You're the hero after all. But Genji was dead. An exhausted messenger had turned up at the gates not long after they had secured the Imperial Palace, and Tsuru had brought the news to him herself. The letter from Anzen was marked with tear stains. Somehow, he felt as though he had known. That Genji was just holding on long enough to see the Shogun fall. Kojuro had passed through the next two days with a sense of unreality \u2013 so much had happened and much of it unbelievable, from his own brush with death at the hands of Oguro Suezo to taking the capital, discovering the Shogun's corpse and presenting the city, now liberated, back to the Emperor. Now he was hearing words written by His Majesty, read aloud by Kiri \u2013 their mutual relation \u2013 and trying to absorb their meaning. Once she had finished, a momentary silence descended and Kojuro moved out a short way between the massed ranks, turned towards the Emperor's semi-opaque box on the steps and bowed deeply. \u201cMay I speak?\u201d he asked, hearing his voice sound clearly in the courtyard. A general rustling followed. The Emperor gestured the affirmative and Kiri was on hand to act as their intermediary. \u201cI would like to make a request. The Head of the Clan before me was Hizashi Genji, and in coming to the Capital City I was carrying out his last wishes. Although I am his heir as head of the clan, Genji's wife Hizashi Sayuri carries his child, who I am sure he would not wish to see disinherited. Therefore I ask that the domain of Jeoncho pass immediately to Lord Genji's descendents, and that until the child comes of age, Lord Homura acts of Lord of Jeoncho on their behalf.\u201cI have one further request for His Majesty. As we rebuild the Capital, I would like His Majesty to accept a gift of one thousand cherry trees to be planted throughout the city, to remember all those who have shed blood in this war, for whatever cause they died, or loyalty they held.\u201d ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Kojuro sat to the front of the ranked gathering, closest to the steps. It was a position of high honour. None who were merely of the samurai class sat higher. There had been those, at the end, urging him to claim himself Shogun. He would be entitled, he took the Capital, destroyed Ogino. All he had to do was reach out and take the prize. But he had just shaken his head. It was never something he wanted. Even this was too much, far too much. He had always expected that he would take the city, then hand it to Genji. \u201cThere, uncle, I did what you wanted, what you always thought best.\u201d \u201cGood boy, Kojuro,\u201d perhaps he would have said, and Kojuro would have been proud and pleased. "}, "post-90280": {"user": "Lady Kiri Hizashi", "user_num": 2726, "timestamp": "1558042127000", "message": "Kiri listened for the Emperor's response, making nods and bows as he spoke his replies quietly to her. None of this was a surprise to her, of course. They had worked everything out in advance. Nevertheless the show continued. Once she had heard His Majesty's words, she descended the few steps again to relay his answers. \u201cHis Imperial Majesty grants your request, Lord Hizashi. The Domain of Jeoncho will pass to Genji's offspring, with Lord Homura acting as daimyo on his behalf.\u201cHis Imperial Majesty also accepts your gift and believes it very aposite. As such, he has decreed that the Capital City shall be renamed Sakura-Kyo, in honour of your gift and of the Hizashi clan.\u201d She gave a light bow, the smallest of secret smiles on her face as she did so. Not perfect, but almost so, she thought to herself as a great rustle of noise went up from among the gathered nobles and samurai. Very nearly perfect. ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Kiri listened for the Emperor's response, making nods and bows as he spoke his replies quietly to her. None of this was a surprise to her, of course. They had worked everything out in advance. Nevertheless the show continued. Once she had heard His Majesty's words, she descended the few steps again to relay his answers. \u201cHis Imperial Majesty grants your request, Lord Hizashi. The Domain of Jeoncho will pass to Genji's offspring, with Lord Homura acting as daimyo on his behalf."}, "post-90303": {"user": "Regent Homura Hizashi", "user_num": 2725, "timestamp": "1558095572000", "message": "The battle was still near although also so far gone with the Hizashi having taken a one sided victory that came without the need for excessive blood shed. That meant that they would have an easier time to convince the ordinary people about the new rule as they likely weren't grieving for a cousin or a spouse having been killed. Kojuro did the right thing in jailing the ones who surrendered and in time bring them back into the Hizashi army and prove them worthy of the new regent - himself - and the emperor. Kiri's plan of getting her cousin the emperor to vouch for all these things was also according to their plan - but Genji dying right at this point was not and it seemed to have saddened Kojuro and Homura thought that it was a brave thing to do to give up his daimyo status of Jeoncho to Genji's unborn child. Wise and kind too. Homura\u00a0and Kiri had worked so many hard and fruitless years in Jeoncho to sow the seeds that would eventually lead to this day. In a way both Genji's and Kojuro's offensives would have been repelled easily if not Kiri and himself had worked so hard to confuse the former shogun about who his allies was and where to look for his enemies - and this was the fruit of their collaboration.\u00a0Homura then stood up and turned his head towards Kojuro but not before giving Kiri a knowing gaze.\"Lord Kojuro Hizashi. You are my dear friend and a trusted ally! It is with my deepest regret that I hear that our uncle, Hizashi Genji, has passed away, but we all know that he will find his way to the halls of the bravest of our ancestral spirits.\" Genji said and smiled. \"Both me and Kiri-san will do out utmost to prepare the young lord for the days of ruling a daimyo in Jeoncho. With the state that Jeoncho and Tawakoshi is in right now, we ask there is much work to be done and the future is build on the foundation we lay now - so we are wise to build for the future.\" Homura said ending it with a polite bow to his friend Kojuro and one to the emperor too. There was work to be done for sure now - both externally and internally in the court. If he was ever going to get his son to follow him on the throne he would need to make it so that such a change in rule would seem risky - almost foolish - and that the daimyos, the rest of the court and ideally even Kojuro himself would insist on having Homura stay on the throne - then after it would be much easier to have his son take over. Luckily there was still time and knowing Kiri she would already be ahead of their mutual plan.\u00a0", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "The battle was still near although also so far gone with the Hizashi having taken a one sided victory that came without the need for excessive blood shed. That meant that they would have an easier time to convince the ordinary people about the new rule as they likely weren't grieving for a cousin or a spouse having been killed. Kojuro did the right thing in jailing the ones who surrendered and in time bring them back into the Hizashi army and prove them worthy of the new regent - himself - and the emperor. "}, "post-90474": {"user": "Daimyo Akagi Zuikaku", "user_num": 1679, "timestamp": "1558721997000", "message": "Akagi stepped forward and kneeled before the Emperor, presenting his sword to the Emperor's representative.\"Your Imperial Majesty. Long ago, your Royal Ancestors bequeathed upon my own humble ancestors the task of defending our island against all who would dare to strike against your Imperial grandeur, and we have done so. I am deeply honored and privileged to be offered the position of Lord Admiral, and in accepting I reaffirm the oaths sworn by my forefathers. My blade, my ships and my life are forever yours, as are those of my descendants.\" ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Akagi stepped forward and kneeled before the Emperor, presenting his sword to the Emperor's representative."}, "post-90510": {"user": null, "user_num": null, "timestamp": "1558749141000", "message": "Asuka absolutely hated all the pomp and circumstance of things like this. Court was tiresome and irritating, but sadly, not something a princess could escape. So it was that she stood with the rest of the court gathered around the Emperor's litter, wearing way too many layers of stifling clothing and trying not to look as bored as she felt. She was rather proud of Kiri, she could admit - her cousin was certainly in her element, and Asuka allowed herself the smallest of smirks at the thought, before schooling her expression back into one of cool detachment.And then she stood. And waited. And waited. Kami, when was this going to end? The only time her mask of mild disinterest slipped was when Daimyo Zuikaku approached, and her gaze flicked briefly in his direction. There had been some talk involving this man and binding him more closely to the throne, and that was enough to make him vaguely relevant to her curiosity, but aside from that one look, Asuka did what she had been raised to do best: Stand there and look pretty. She was capable of much more, naturally, but it was a very handy smokescreen that made most underestimate her. Just how she liked it.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "<font face=\"times\">Asuka absolutely hated all the pomp and circumstance of things like this. Court was tiresome and irritating, but sadly, not something a princess could escape. So it was that she stood with the rest of the court gathered around the Emperor's litter, wearing way too many layers of stifling clothing and trying not to look as bored as she felt. She was rather proud of Kiri, she could admit - her cousin was certainly in her element, and Asuka allowed herself the smallest of smirks at the thought, before schooling her expression back into one of cool detachment.<br><br/>And then she stood. And waited. And <i>waited.</i> Kami, when was this going to end? The only time her mask of mild disinterest slipped was when Daimyo Zuikaku approached, and her gaze flicked briefly in his direction. There had been some talk involving this man and binding him more closely to the throne, and that was enough to make him vaguely relevant to her curiosity, but aside from that one look, Asuka did what she had been raised to do best: Stand there and look pretty. She was capable of much more, naturally, but it was a very handy smokescreen that made most underestimate her. Just how she liked it.<font color=\"red\"></font></br></font>"}}