{"post-78797": {"user": "Tir la Morr", "user_num": 2835, "timestamp": "1516839219000", "message": "Tir la Morr: Out of Character GuidelinesFor character creationYou may already be familiar with fae lore if you are thinking of creating a character for Tir la Morr. If you aren\u2019t then all you really need to know is that Fae have a wide variety of lore and different rules they abide depending on which lore you follow. For simplicity's sake we\u2019ve limited to three different rules all Tir la Morr fae have to follow:1. Weakness to iron, the fae are harmed by its touch and their magics are dispelled by it.2. Fae must keep any oath sworn three times.3. A Fae can be compelled by their true name.Additionally, all fae are capable of using glamors to disguise themselves and have a natural predilection toward either blessing magic or curse magic on top of any other skills. Other than that you can make whatever kind of Sidhe, Fae, fairy or anything else you want if you are making a native character.For the Macro GameWith Tir la Morr we are using a few additional rules to help promote RP. These rules are meant to make troop combat a bit more realistic as well as provide an incentive for people to pursue political and wartime agendas. This is not a concern for your average player in Tir la Morr. These rules are for people interested in the larger game either by assisting a faction or creating their own. Yes , ou can create your own fae noble house if you want and participate. The bare-bones rules of the macro game cover two things. Adding in resource threads that can be seized or traded by players that give a benefit to their faction. Adding in rules to govern troop movement and garrisoning to ensure no one just mobs the other. Here are the rules at present which are subject to change as we work out the kinks:1. The total NPC point system of the nation is in line with the official rules of TFS. The number of NPC points each faction within Tir la Morr controls is determined by two factors. First is the number of characters who identify with that faction, not simply living within the factions boarders but considers them part of the sub-faction. Second is by control of villages/towns. Any PC within Tir la Morr that is unaligned with a major faction adds to the NPC point total anyway. So towns and villages will be made within the main Tir la Morr board that can be seized and control of the thread grants additional NPC points. 1,000 for a town 500, for a village, each new thread defaults to The Gold Court\u2019s control. 2. It is up to each sub-faction to decide what troops they have and where they are garrisoned. If a controlled thread doesn\u2019t have a garrison it can be taken over without a fight. What troops you have access to also depend on control of certain resource threads. Resource threads function like town and village threads in that they can be captured or traded. When you control a resource thread you gain access to that resource and can purchase certain troops that are marked as needing a resource prior to purchase.3. Tir la Morr has a map(WIP) and each thread has a placement on said map. As mentioned before a faction can choose to garrison any thread they have seized, that means those troops are considered to be at that location. Unassigned troops are considered to be in the barracks of the citadels capital.When someone launches an attack on a thread the troops they send have to move through the threads between the location and the target. Once they arrive combat can commence. If the thread is un-garrisoned then control immediately goes to the attacker. If it is garrisoned then there is a fight. Since battles take place over a relatively short amount of time reinforcements can be sent for but six battle round have to take place for every thread the reinforcements have to pass through. 4. There will be some specialized units that can provide certain benefits. For example, a scouting party can be assigned to a thread to provide a heads up for troop movements through that thread allowing reinforcements to be sent for ahead of time. Or spies that can be assigned to any enemy court. Each special units rules will be covered in the troop list and will be used through a mixture of RP and dice rolls for fairness.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "<div align=\"center\"><b><u><font size=\"5\">Tir la Morr: Out of Character Guidelines</font></u></b></div>"}}