{"post-45989": {"user": "Fallen Nation of Esdara", "user_num": 1397, "timestamp": "1470638284000", "message": "Holy CreedThe Faith of Esdar is centered, naturally, on the deity Esdar, He that Raised the Land. Just over a millenia ago, the island was a part of the valley below, shrouded in the ever-present Myst, which sickened the people and choked the crops. Only thorns and similarly insidious plants thrived in the Myst, and life was hard for the people. The First High Priest and High Priestess prayed, pleading to The One Above to intercede on their behalf and save their people. Their prayers were answered, and Esdar showed himself, effortlessly raising a tremendous part of the land of the valley into the skies, clear of the Myst. Esdar decreed the sanctification of the High Priest and High Priestess and the formation of the church, that the people might rightly revere and obey their savior.The people dwelling in the main village were Touched by Esdar\u2019s Grace, and granted the wings of the sanctified. The majority of them became the first priests and priestesses. The people of the other villages in the land that had been raised were not similarly blessed, and became the workers and farmers of the fledgling city. Today, the names of the original villages have been forgotten as unimportant.The Mysts, according to the church, are the form and power of the demon Xoilun attempting to shroud the land and corrupt the work of Esdar. Just as the Mysts dissipate and reform, so too Xoilun is pernicious, reforming when Esdar or his champions strike the demon down. The church teaches that if ever evil and darkness is cleared from the hearts of men, the force sustaining Xoilun will be gone, and the demon will fade away forever. Among these champions is the great Skywarden, one of the Esdar\u2019ial who was chosen in ages long past and given the shape of a dragon, that he may better protect the kingdom of Esdar and the Sacred Skies. In ages long past, the Skywarden was lost during battle with Xoilun, but prophecy states that he will one day return.The central tenets of the church teach that people should endeavor to be more like Esdar -- they should be forgiving, merciful, charitable, and kind\u2026 but they should not tolerate evil in their midst, as Esdar did not tolerate Xoilun when the demon had true life. Esdar is an involved god, often responding to the prayers of the High Priest and High Priestess, and thus there is very little static, codified doctrine within the faith -- it is ever-evolving as Esdar\u2019s will becomes more clear and people become ready to follow that will.As an example, early in the church\u2019s history slavery was allowed, and there were strict rules for the treatment of slaves. As the people grew accustomed to thinking of their captives as people deserving of Esdar\u2019s love, the rules tightened gradually\u2026 and then, within a hundred years of the city being raised, slavery was forbidden. Thus Esdar gradually brings his people closer to the truth and perfect kindness, as they endeavor to slowly eliminate the darkness and evil that still linger in so many of their hearts.LawI. A tenth part of all food that is produced shall be given to the church, that it might be used to further Esdar\u2019s works and provide for those most in need.II. A tenth part of all ore mined or stone quarried shall be given to the church, that it might be used to further Esdar\u2019s works and provide for those most in need.III. A fifth part of all income from trade shall be given to the church, that it might be used to further Esdar\u2019s works and provide for those most in need.IV. A craftsman must give one day every week in service to the church, that his skills might be used to further Esdar\u2019s works and provide for those most in need.V. The faithful shall only kill for food, in self-defense, or by the decree of the church, which shall be done in the defense of Esdar\u2019s church and people or the punishment of murder or heresy.VI. The promises of bonding taken before Esdar and officiated by his priests are binding, and shall not be entered lightly nor broken, as Esdar allows those bonds in whatever form men and women choose, be they between any number and combination of men and women and with whatever restrictions they elect.VII. One\u2019s oath shall not be forsworn, as Esdar does not forswear his oath to protect and nurture his children.VIII. Theft and coveting of things is the domain of Xoilun, and the faithful shall not emulate the demon.IX. Mistreating others by bodily harm or depriving them of the sanctity of their bodies is forbidden by Esdar and shall be punished severely in this life and thereafter.- To get in touch with the government, please contact the Kingdom of Esdara account OOCly. ICly, send a missive to the Council of Winds in Esdar\u2019ai, or appear at the Council Hall in person.- Becoming a citizen of Esdara would require swearing to obey the High Priest and High Priestess and Council of Winds, regardless of their faith or lack of, and to follow the Holy Creed of Esdar.- Those seeking to make a natural-born citizen should contact the Kingdom of Esdara account about character creation to receive specifics about needs and availability of positions. Naming conventions are a blend of Elven and Angelic. Assistance in name creation can be found under the Elven and Angelic options of the Fantasy Names tab on this website. Also please make sure to read the information about Esdara's history both distant and recent.- If you have any questions, please message Fallen Nation of Esdara with them.", "link_list": ["http://thefantasysandbox.boards.net/thread/1932/council-hall", "http://fantasynamegenerators.com/", "/user/1397"], "image_list": [], "html": "<u>Holy Creed</u>"}}