{"post-53062": {"user": "Nara of the Snapdragon", "user_num": 1865, "timestamp": "1475979216000", "message": "Nara of the Snapdragon Clan would walk into the arena first, beneath one of the archways. Her dark brown hair was in a tight braid that shone in the sun as she emerged from the dark tunnel. Her green eyes shone fiercely, a fiery determination was about her that day, she was eager to prove herself. She swaggered confidently into the light, the metal of her various weapons glinting in the sunlight. She carried in one hand a javelin taller than her. Coiled Around her waist was what seemed to be a metal chain, and one would be correct in that assumption. It was also a weapon, however, a chain whip. She also had a pair of butterfly swords, short blades meant to be wielded in tandem about the length of her forearms, sheathed along each thigh. Along with this, she also had a pair of throwing daggers hidden in her leather bracers.\u00a0She carried in one hand a javelin taller than her; Coiled around her waist was what seemed to be a metal chain, and one would be correct in that assumption. It was also a weapon, however, a chain whip. She also had a pair of butterfly swords, short blades meant to be wielded in tandem about the length of her forearms, sheathed along each thigh. Along with this, she also had a pair of throwing daggers hidden in her leather and metal bracers.\u00a0Her\u00a0armor was quite simple, consisting of leather ranging gear, built more so for utility and longevity rather than protection. She wasn't going to be wearing very much armor in this fight, and she expected her opponent not to as well. However, her bracers had a layer of metal beneath the leather capable of stopping a blade.\u00a0She would walk through the knee-high\u00a0grass until she reached the middle of the arena, planting the butt of her javelin firmly in the ground and then waiting for her opponent to arrive.\u00a0", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Nara of the Snapdragon Clan would walk into the arena first, beneath one of the archways. Her dark brown hair was in a tight braid that shone in the sun as she emerged from the dark tunnel. Her green eyes shone fiercely, a fiery determination was about her that day, she was eager to prove herself. She swaggered confidently into the light, the metal of her various weapons glinting in the sunlight. She carried in one hand a javelin taller than her. Coiled Around her waist was what seemed to be a metal chain, and one would be correct in that assumption. It was also a weapon, however, a chain whip. She also had a pair of butterfly swords, short blades meant to be wielded in tandem about the length of her forearms, sheathed along each thigh. Along with this, she also had a pair of throwing daggers hidden in her leather bracers.\u00a0"}, "post-53093": {"user": "max", "user_num": 462, "timestamp": "1476039924000", "message": "Max was the second to enter the fray. His pacing deliberate as the sun shone into his hazel colored eyes, but he did not flinch. Instead he sized up his opponent; his static roughed up face giving nothing away of his impression. They seemed fairly competent, dressed in a light leather garb not unlike his own although by his estimates his is likely a bit more protective with slightly thicker, layered black leather along with chainmail shoulder pads and stomach protection.But the mercenary still felt a bit...underdressed for the occasion. Daggers, a javelin, a chain he suspected was there for more than decoration and that's only what's visible to the eye. Almost as if every inch of her could be used to deal in death. Max had naught but his blade of mithril make; with its anti magic properties and a dagger hooked to his lower back.Methodically he unsheathed his sword before making his way towards the center of the arena; staring down his opposition.Just another day's work.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Max was the second to enter the fray. His pacing deliberate as the sun shone into his hazel colored eyes, but he did not flinch. Instead he sized up his opponent; his static roughed up face giving nothing away of his impression. They seemed fairly competent, dressed in a light leather garb not unlike his own although by his estimates his is likely a bit more protective with slightly thicker, layered black leather along with chainmail shoulder pads and stomach protection."}, "post-53160": {"user": "Nara of the Snapdragon", "user_num": 1865, "timestamp": "1476153995000", "message": "Nara would eye up her opponent critically as he walked towards her. She wouldn't let him get very close at all before she began the fight. Once he was about 25 meters away she would heft her javelin up from the ground and wind back and throw it, using her entire body to put power behind the throw. The spear projectile would arch into the air before descending back down in its arc with deadly accuracy at Max's chest. If it were to connect with it's intended target, this fight would indeed not be long at all.\u00a0However, Nara expected Max would be able to dodge it if he were at least somewhat competent. For this reason, she would immediately draw both of her throwing daggers and get ready to throw them as well as he approached. Nara's brought a layered strategy of attack to this fight and she intended to make Max advance through the range of every weapon in her arsenal as he approached her.\u00a0", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Nara would eye up her opponent critically as he walked towards her. She wouldn't let him get very close at all before she began the fight. Once he was about 25 meters away she would heft her javelin up from the ground and wind back and throw it, using her entire body to put power behind the throw. The spear projectile would arch into the air before descending back down in its arc with deadly accuracy at Max's chest. If it were to connect with it's intended target, this fight would indeed not be long at all.\u00a0"}, "post-53481": {"user": "max", "user_num": 462, "timestamp": "1476390888000", "message": "Before the mercenary had made any noticeable gain in ground Nara wasted no time pushing her initiative. A javelin soared the skies, seeking Max's heart in a bid to end this fight before it had begunAn admirable offensive attack as it were, it didn't take much for the experienced warrior to stay out of harm's way. A simple side step to the left ensured the javelin would stick the ground rather than his chest. Max centered himself once again; adopting a defensive stance as he held his ground. He circled his pray from afar, not closing any distance just yet but merely awaiting the first opportunity to strike.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Before the mercenary had made any noticeable gain in ground Nara wasted no time pushing her initiative. A javelin soared the skies, seeking Max's heart in a bid to end this fight before it had begun"}, "post-53550": {"user": "Nara of the Snapdragon", "user_num": 1865, "timestamp": "1476419519000", "message": "Nara would narrow her eyes slightly after observing he had dodged the javelin throw and began to slowly circle her at a range. At this point she would draw both of her throwing daggers, holding one in each hand as she tracked Max. Then, with a quick motion of her right arm and wrist, she would throw the first dagger, again with deadly accuracy.\u00a0The blade would fly at Max, aiming for his heart. As the blade flew however, Nara would watch his reaction carefully, second blade ready to be thrown at a moment's notice.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Nara would narrow her eyes slightly after observing he had dodged the javelin throw and began to slowly circle her at a range. At this point she would draw both of her throwing daggers, holding one in each hand as she tracked Max. Then, with a quick motion of her right arm and wrist, she would throw the first dagger, again with deadly accuracy.\u00a0"}, "post-53605": {"user": "max", "user_num": 462, "timestamp": "1476477060000", "message": "Max slowly begun to inch towards her, preparing for an offensive initiative while maintaining his guard. His mithril blade was held up horizontally above his shoulder; the blade pointing forward. An Ox stance that would later prove wise when his opponent threw the first of two daggers she had pulled; aimed for his heart.In a quick decisive move he moved his sword in a downwards arc, steel against steel as the dagger deflected from the length of the blade unto the grass and dirt of the ground. The hardened warrior quickened his steps and soon burst into an outright sprint at Nara; aiming to entangle her in a close quarters clash.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Max slowly begun to inch towards her, preparing for an offensive initiative while maintaining his guard. His mithril blade was held up horizontally above his shoulder; the blade pointing forward. An Ox stance that would later prove wise when his opponent threw the first of two daggers she had pulled; aimed for his heart."}, "post-53783": {"user": "Nara of the Snapdragon", "user_num": 1865, "timestamp": "1476733506000", "message": "Nara had watched carefully as Max's blade swung downwards to deflect her first throwing knife, and would immediately throw the second knife with her other hand. This throwing knife was aimed to take advantage of the mithril blade's downward momentum, and strike quickly enough to exploit this.\u00a0The knife would fly towards Max, now aiming higher to hit him in the neck. He would have to respond to this second blade in some manner before closing the distance, and in that pause Nara would draw both of her butterfly swords, a duo of blades that were quite effective in close quarters.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Nara had watched carefully as Max's blade swung downwards to deflect her first throwing knife, and would immediately throw the second knife with her other hand. This throwing knife was aimed to take advantage of the mithril blade's downward momentum, and strike quickly enough to exploit this.\u00a0"}, "post-54090": {"user": "max", "user_num": 462, "timestamp": "1476990320000", "message": "The unrelenting assault continued as Max eyeballed the second dagger approaching his neck. There was no way to deflect the dagger; so instead he instinctively side stepped out of the way. The dagger sliced across the pads of his chainmail, riveted steel links scraping against sharp metal when the knife deflected and flipped to the side.With nothing holding him back, Max aggressively closed the distance between him and Nara. He used the momentum of the sprint to descend into a downwards lunge; and in case his opponent decided to dodge rather than block he would piston his weight to transition into a side ways slash to either side.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "The unrelenting assault continued as Max eyeballed the second dagger approaching his neck. There was no way to deflect the dagger; so instead he instinctively side stepped out of the way. The dagger sliced across the pads of his chainmail, riveted steel links scraping against sharp metal when the knife deflected and flipped to the side."}}