{"post-42663": {"user": "Renalt Fletcher", "user_num": 569, "timestamp": "1467083888000", "message": "Deep in the heart of Isra's industrial district stands Renalt Fletcher's massive chocolate factory. It stands seven stories tall, and is protected by a tall, wrought-iron fence. Renalt employs mostly gremlins to do his work, although he does have a large number of urchins and orphans among his staff. About two thirds of the production is hard panned chocolate for the Dawn Riders, with the rest being regular chocolates to sell to ordinary people. The east wing is currently under construction, and will house a massive lollipop dipping vat (designed by dwarves and run by gremlins, of course) capable of producing up to five hundred lollipops an hour.Some of the gremlins who work and live at the factory", "link_list": [], "image_list": ["http://i.imgur.com/7dtHsKV.jpg"], "html": "Deep in the heart of Isra's industrial district stands Renalt Fletcher's massive chocolate factory. It stands seven stories tall, and is protected by a tall, wrought-iron fence. Renalt employs mostly gremlins to do his work, although he does have a large number of urchins and orphans among his staff. About two thirds of the production is hard panned chocolate for the Dawn Riders, with the rest being regular chocolates to sell to ordinary people. The east wing is currently under construction, and will house a massive lollipop dipping vat (designed by dwarves and run by gremlins, of course) capable of producing up to five hundred lollipops an hour."}, "post-55267": {"user": "Renalt Fletcher", "user_num": 569, "timestamp": "1478009453000", "message": "Urchins walked in, urchins limped out. Gremlins scurried back and forth, carrying ludicrously large boxes of chocolate from here to there. The caramel vats bubbled, the lolipop dippers dipped, and the chocolate was wrapped. Each individual bar had to be wrapped by hand, a job that required many skillful fingers. The street urchins were the most logical choice, as they were cheap labor and usually had quick fingers from picking pockets. Meanwhile, deep within the factory, Renalt sat in his office and tried to devise a way to make pineapple gumdrops financially feasible. They would certainly sell, but pineapples were expensive to import. As he cooked up prototypes and experimental recipes, the gremlins kept scurrying and the urchins kept laboring. Life was good.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Urchins walked in, urchins limped out. Gremlins scurried back and forth, carrying ludicrously large boxes of chocolate from here to there. The caramel vats bubbled, the lolipop dippers dipped, and the chocolate was wrapped. Each individual bar had to be wrapped by hand, a job that required many skillful fingers. The street urchins were the most logical choice, as they were cheap labor and usually had quick fingers from picking pockets. Meanwhile, deep within the factory, Renalt sat in his office and tried to devise a way to make pineapple gumdrops financially feasible. They would certainly sell, but pineapples were expensive to import. As he cooked up prototypes and experimental recipes, the gremlins kept scurrying and the urchins kept laboring. Life was good."}}