{"post-85202": {"user": "The Tamorjin Tribe", "user_num": 3171, "timestamp": "1537206907000", "message": "The Tamorjin\u00a0TribeStanding tall and proud are the people of the Tamorjin Tribe, welcoming all who would bow their heads before their khan. They are aggressive opportunists with an appetite for war, growing larger with every passing day. As legend has it, the Tamorjin came about when a giant from far off lands, the Man of the Mountain, found a village filled with women who had a penchant for nature: the Women of the Field. They became a force to be reckoned with, combining strength and wisdom to overpower their enemies.Though mainly nomadic, a capital city has recently sprung up in the steppes: Dzhambul. It was erected by the hands of prisoners, some buried within its layered slabs. It is not as extravagant or expansive as the other cities in the area, but it serves a purpose as a rallying point for the tribe.GovernmentThe Tamorjin are lead by Kuchar, the current khan. He is the absolute ruler of the tribe, and beneath him there several chiefs with small armies beneath their control.Usually, a Queen-consort is present to govern with the khan, but Kuchar\u2019s wife, Khulan, has passed away, leaving two children in her legacy.The Tamorjin do not use coins or any kind of money for trade. Instead, they rely on a barter system better suited for their way of life.ReligionThere exist two gods that most Tamorjin hold responsible for their origins: Tamorbataar, who created the first Man of the Mountain from a fallen champion; and Sarantuya, who created the Women of the Field from golden sheaves of wheat. Now and again, one can hear them singing the saga of their people. Depending on who you ask, you\u2019ll get a different piece of the story.SocietyUnder the rule of the khan, foreigners are more than welcome. No magic, religion, or culture is taboo, so long as it is not used against the khan. They have no borders; in the eyes of the Tamorjin, the world is theirs to take, and everything is game if it can be fought for. Though children of the direct Tamorjin line are favored, those who work hard and have any kind of talent are never overlooked.The difference between the children of the Tamorjin is unmistakable. Though at birth and through their childhood they are no different from one another, their heritage shines through as they become adults.Male children who inherit the spirit of the Man of the Mountain grow rapidly in their late teens, often surpassing six feet in height before they reach their twenties. From there, they can grow up to a foot per decade, slowing in their sixties, but never stopping.Women with the spirit of the Man of the Mountain will not show it in their physique until her childbearing days have come to an end, though they are thought to be much more aggressive than other women. During their rapid change from human to giant, they endure a short period of insanity, which leads most to be imprisoned or exiled until they are able to control themselves again.Men and women who harbor the blood of the Women of the Field are very similar to one another. Were it not for their rounded ears, they might be mistaken for elves. Lithe, small, with golden skin like wheat and an uncanny ability to read and befriend animals, they make excellent herders and hunters. Their expertise lies in mounted archery and strategy, with a talent for surviving through unfavorable situations.Precious CommoditiesAvarga root and the Avagus:One of the most precious commodities farmed by the Tamorjin is avarga root. Though it is poisonous for most people, most hooved herbivores are able to digest the tough roots of the plant, causing them to grow into giants. Legend has it that avarga root came about when the first Man of the Mountain died, the soil fed on his body and sprouted into a patch of clovers. The bulls that are fed this root come to be known as the Avagus, the Champion\u2019s Beast.Very few Avagus exist, as the root is extremely difficult to grow and harvest. Only the most successful and highly regarded Men of the Mountain are given them as a reward. Such beasts are sacred, and when one dies, the tribe weeps.", "link_list": [], "image_list": ["https://i.imgur.com/dUf15sW.png"], "html": "<div style=\"text-align:center;\"><font face=\"times new roman\" size=\"6\">The Tamorjin\u00a0Tribe</font></div>"}}