{"post-70373": {"user": null, "user_num": null, "timestamp": "1499625736000", "message": "It\u2019s clear - blood, birth, and money means everything, even in a place as dark and soulless as Helmfirth.The nation is a divided one. To the south, southeast of the island lies the bandit\u2019s refugee of Alnwick - a place of little law save for a common ground of honor among thieves. Even then it\u2019s not always in effect. There are no real rulers to this city or the region that it is situated in, save for any crew that might try to stand up and build something - but so far, nothing has stood for very long. It probably is a state of mutual anarchy\u2026 if there is such a thingThe terrifying set of civilization lies to the north, northwest - under the veil of perpetual darkness. The city is much bigger than that of the pirate\u2019s port by the shore, and run by money, name, power, blood and greed. The rulers of the city are the ones of incredible wealth and strength, a counsel circle of aristocracy. In the beginning it had been erect by a covenant of vampires, but now is a healthy mix of non-human creatures in general - with one elected individual from the circle to make the final say in the worst of circumstances.It\u2019s also here that there is clear prejudice. Many non-humans that are competent and tame hold positions of any sort above a slave. Anything less is feral, and the only thing lower than wild beasts besides the dirt are humans and Elves. Both these races are frequently herded from the southeast if not quietly shipped in from those ports, and used for a number of purposes from vampire blood bags to house servants to messengers to hound feed.----- In a nutshell ------Erstonia is common browsing territory for virtually any visitor/character. Border threads aren't so strict to follow.-Bandits and pirates are common here; encounters are likely.-Stathmore is much more restricted.-Access to Stathmore requires movement through the border threads and across certain locations to get from point A to point B.-Humans and Elfkind, even Centaurs - anything looking more man than beast - will likely be hunted or attempted to be captured. Encounters are even more likely.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "It\u2019s clear - blood, birth, and money means everything, even in a place as dark and soulless as Helmfirth."}}