{"post-23510": {"user": "Kalazael", "user_num": 1051, "timestamp": "1455244634000", "message": "The World That Floats Above Another.A large, floating mass of land held above the ocean surface below by extremely powerful magic. Elyon is roughly circular in shape and so large that it contains entire kingdoms and it's own mortal races. The surface consists of an ocean that forever spills over the edges and down into the sea below, with various islands each with their own unique climates, flora and fauna being where people make their homes.The majority of the people of Elyon, known simply as Mortals, are in the age of antiquity. The hoplite soldier make up their armies, the acropolis is the centre of their city and island states and philosophers meet with kings and priests to worship their living Gods. It is an age of swords, sandals, heroes and monsters.\u00a0(More information can be found here.)(Note that due to the Elyon's position as a large, floating landmass somewhere away from the main continent, it is to be assumed that the only way one can reach it is by air.)", "link_list": ["https://titanpad.com/ancienttfs"], "image_list": [], "html": "<div style=\"text-align:center;\"><i><b>The World That Floats Above Another.</b><br><br/>A large, floating mass of land held above the ocean surface below by extremely powerful magic. Elyon is roughly circular in shape and so large that it contains entire kingdoms and it's own mortal races. The surface consists of an ocean that forever spills over the edges and down into the sea below, with various islands each with their own unique climates, flora and fauna being where people make their homes.<br/><br/><br/>The majority of the people of Elyon, known simply as Mortals, are in the age of antiquity. The hoplite soldier make up their armies, the acropolis is the centre of their city and island states and philosophers meet with kings and priests to worship their living Gods. It is an age of swords, sandals, heroes and monsters.\u00a0<br/><br/><br/><a href=\"https://titanpad.com/ancienttfs\" rel=\"nofollow\" target=\"_blank\">(More information can be found here.)<br/><br/>(</a>Note that due to the Elyon's position as a large, floating landmass somewhere away from the main continent, it is to be assumed that the only way one can reach it is by air.)</br></i></div>"}, "post-23538": {"user": "Kalazael", "user_num": 1051, "timestamp": "1455252560000", "message": "Icarus was a small town near the southern coast of Iynaia, a relatively small island of Eylon known for its dangerous yet strategic position. Icarus itself was a wealthy town, where even the poorest could afford to put food on the table because of a salt mine that lay at the foot of a nearby hill. A dangerous job, the mayor was forced to pay a decent wage to the local workers in order to entice them to continue the production of what was highly sought after by the rich and ever in demand.However, that made the town a target. Bandits, raiding parties and rival islands often sought and plotted to take control of the town and it's mines, but so far no hostile venture had ever succeeded due to a fragile alliance made with two nearby beast tribes, who would be paid salt and gold in return for their protection.It was dawn on a weekend day when, as usual, the miners began the early commute to the hill just as the sun began to first rise over the horizon. This day, however, an outsider watched them from a rock that grew out of the ground by the salt-mine entrance. He was cloaked, with shoulder-length hair of light blonde and eyes of shining gold. None of them spoke to him or much acknowledged him and instead left him to his curiosity. After a short while, his gaze shifted from the arriving workers to the sky; a cloudless one, where birds could be seen high above the nearby town. They seemed to be as watchful as he was. ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Icarus was a small town near the southern coast of Iynaia, a relatively small island of Eylon known for its dangerous yet strategic position. Icarus itself was a wealthy town, where even the poorest could afford to put food on the table because of a salt mine that lay at the foot of a nearby hill. A dangerous job, the mayor was forced to pay a decent wage to the local workers in order to entice them to continue the production of what was highly sought after by the rich and ever in demand."}, "post-23595": {"user": "Kalazael", "user_num": 1051, "timestamp": "1455301622000", "message": "Slowly, it became not just the workmen the figure watched, but also the trees, the civilians in the distance, the birds in the sky and even a hare on a nearby incline that was doing little else than looking for food. However, once he noticed Naenia the Watcher upon her tallest perch, his attention became fixated solely upon her. She was winged, armoured and seemed to have the respect of the local populace; a famous hero, perhaps? A guardian of 'truth and justice' and protector of the weak?The figure found himself slowly shaking a head of white-gold hair that shone in the sunlight far more brightly than it should. And so he did little else than stare, as though she was the main character of a story that he knew was about to unfold. As though anything interesting that could happen on that day would focus around her. He pulled his gaze from Naenia only to look briefly at the surroundings, but never for long.It was a little too early yet, it seemed. ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Slowly, it became not just the workmen the figure watched, but also the trees, the civilians in the distance, the birds in the sky and even a hare on a nearby incline that was doing little else than looking for food. However, once he noticed Naenia the Watcher upon her tallest perch, his attention became fixated solely upon her. She was winged, armoured and seemed to have the respect of the local populace; a famous hero, perhaps? A guardian of 'truth and justice' and protector of the weak?"}, "post-23655": {"user": "Kalazael", "user_num": 1051, "timestamp": "1455328387000", "message": "The figure's eyes ran down the length of her arm to where her hand came to rest upon her sword hilt, then back up along her bodice and to her face. Birds, tweeting happily in the morning sun, flew and danced around them as though attracted to the feather's of Naenia's wings and the glow of the man's hair. \"You have the wings of a Seraphim, yet I do not believe you are one. You speak through ignorance, as though you do not truly comprehend who stands before you. You cannot possibly be a true member of that race; a mortal, then, whose ancestor knew the taste of heavenly lust?\" His voice seemed curious, diligent and slightly amused, though he did not smile at her to verify his true meaning.He looked to the sky again. By this point, it seemed as though he was waiting for something. ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "The figure's eyes ran down the length of her arm to where her hand came to rest upon her sword hilt, then back up along her bodice and to her face. Birds, tweeting happily in the morning sun, flew and danced around them as though attracted to the feather's of Naenia's wings and the glow of the man's hair. "}, "post-23692": {"user": "Kalazael", "user_num": 1051, "timestamp": "1455377875000", "message": "\"The Holy One? The First Mother? You Mortals do like your silly stories, do you not? Though in some ways you are apt in your.. 'Declaration', in many others you are unknowingly spouting lies. Tell me, Watcher, do you introduce yourself as such to every individual you meet? Let them know that millennia ago, across countless generations, you are distantly related to a single man known as Kalazael and that unlike so many others who have just as much of his blood in them as you, that you were simply lucky enough to inherit the wings of the Seraphim?\"The figure laughed a little, the entire time his eyes being up towards the sky. When he finished his piece however, he looked down towards a farmer in the distance. \"You are no more related to your 'Holy One' and your 'First Mother' as you are related to that man over there; a man you have likely never met before in your life. When you live for as long as I have, you begin to see the futility of being proud of your distant ancestry. You are your parent's daughter, your cousin's cousin, your sibling's sibling and your grandparent's grandchild. No more.\"Hm. The man scanned the horizons again, then sat down upon a large stone situated behind him. It was going to start soon, no doubt. ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "\"The Holy One? The First Mother? You Mortals do like your silly stories, do you not? Though in some ways you are apt in your.. 'Declaration', in many others you are unknowingly spouting lies. Tell me, Watcher, do you introduce yourself as such to every individual you meet? Let them know that millennia ago, across countless generations, you are distantly related to a single man known as Kalazael and that unlike so many others who have just as much of his blood in them as you, that you were simply lucky enough to inherit the wings of the Seraphim?\""}, "post-23836": {"user": "Kalazael", "user_num": 1051, "timestamp": "1455498279000", "message": "\"Have a good morning, Naenia the Watcher,\" the figure told her, his eyes upon her back as she turned to continue her patrol. \"Though I would not venture far if you truly consider yourself guardian to these people.\" His words were a warning, yet not a threat; as though he had knowledge of something that was to come yet had no part in it. He himself turned, making for the shelter of nearby trees a few dozen yards from the mine entrance and where he could gain a good view across the farming fields that would now separate him from Icarus. He made up a slight bank, offering him a slight height from which to view the people going about their daily chores. It was hardly five minutes later when it began, the clouds that formed over the rocky spires and hills deeper inland giving birth to an isolated strike of lightning that hit the centre-most pillar of stone. Within seconds, a swarm of distant beings began to approach and as they grew closer, it would become clear to the villagers that they were armed and angry - and harpies. Beautiful winged women with the body and head of a woman, yet the feathered wings of a bird growing from her arms and the feathered legs and talons of an eagle below the knee. Several of them wore masked fashioned into the dangerous beaks of their distant relatives, yet most were wild and naked except for paint. They wielded swords, bows, spears, shields and staffs; a war party, led by a large, craven female with fire-like red hair. The figure merely watched as the hundreds strong party flew straight towards Icarus, which began pounding the warning bells and summoning all warriors to aid. ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "\"Have a good morning, Naenia the Watcher,\" the figure told her, his eyes upon her back as she turned to continue her patrol. \"Though I would not venture far if you truly consider yourself guardian to these people.\" His words were a warning, yet not a threat; as though he had knowledge of something that was to come yet had no part in it. "}, "post-24066": {"user": "Kalazael", "user_num": 1051, "timestamp": "1455699878000", "message": "The harpies were a swarm and their movements frantic and possibly random. They swerved, span, stopped suddenly only to shoot off in another direction and manoeuvred around each other with such perfect precision that not once was there a collision. However, Naenia's rampage through the air against them left many dead and wounded and while initially, some of them attempted to fight back, they soon elected to avoid her instead.\"The settlement! Go for the settlement! Find what belongs to us!\" A cry came from somewhere within the mass, which was soon echoed by another harpy, then another, until dozens of them began to repeat it throughout the ranks. Within barely a minute and despite the wind, each of the harpies knew her place and they shot off down towards Icarus and the ragtag group of defenders. The defenders were a ragtag bunch. A few trained militiamen with spears and crescent shields, the rest were braves in little more than plain chiton tunics and leather sandles, wielding farming instruments and hunting knives or short bows. There were around fifty of them, far fewer than the attacking females, yet they were positioned across rooftops where wooden crates and other items of outside storage could be used for partial cover. When the first few harpies arrived, the defenders managed to fight them off. However, with each passing minute more of them began to show. It would not be long until they were completely overwhelmed. And meanwhile, still stood under his group of trees, the cloaked man watched. ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "The harpies were a swarm and their movements frantic and possibly random. They swerved, span, stopped suddenly only to shoot off in another direction and manoeuvred around each other with such perfect precision that not once was there a collision. However, Naenia's rampage through the air against them left many dead and wounded and while initially, some of them attempted to fight back, they soon elected to avoid her instead."}, "post-24244": {"user": "Kalazael", "user_num": 1051, "timestamp": "1455846528000", "message": "Many harpies were cut down by Naenia's focused and inspired efforts, which in turn began to rally the braves defending the village into further action. The harpies were quick and had the advantage of the sky, but they were light and devoid of the strength that the mortals had; a fact that allowed them to fly, yet struggle to fight in close combat. \"Don't fight! Avoid them! Find the thing! Find it!\" They began to cry, almost in unison, before beginning to veer away from the rooftops and the guardians protecting the village and instead swoop down into the streets and smash through windows; to the screams of the citizens in the houses. However, the defenders would find trouble still, for some of the harpies began to sing a lovely song that, when heard, dulled the senses and drew the listener into the hold of sleep. It would likely be only Naenia, and her strong willpower, who could resist such an enchantment. Throughout this, one of the harpies would begin to stand out above the rest. Her wild red hair swung with her head as she yelled orders at the others and a necklace of claws and jewels hung from her neck and lay against her chest.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Many harpies were cut down by Naenia's focused and inspired efforts, which in turn began to rally the braves defending the village into further action. The harpies were quick and had the advantage of the sky, but they were light and devoid of the strength that the mortals had; a fact that allowed them to fly, yet struggle to fight in close combat. "}, "post-24384": {"user": "Kalazael", "user_num": 1051, "timestamp": "1455930962000", "message": "\"Stay away, winged woman!\" The red-haired harpy screamed, not out of fear, but determined anger as she swept up out of the way of the bolt of holy power and thus avoiding most of the blindness; though it seemed at least some of it managed to get through and daze her. As she furiously rubbed her eyes, Naenia closed in; yet her blade would not reach the harpy queen. Instead, it hit an underling who had thrust herself in the way of the blade in order to protect her leader and then fell from the sky with a cry, giving the queen just enough time to screech at the loss of her comrade and then force her way back through the still-advancing harpy ranks.However, the harpies did not continue to advance for long. One of them cried in the distance. More of a shrill, really, that was so unique in sound that those who heard it immediately stopped what they were doing and copied it for the others to hear. More began to stop, turning now towards the north where a valley pass led further into the island. From this direction, a new cry was heard. Yet this one was not of harpy nature, nor was it female. It was deeper, more masculine; like a roar that rumbled the sky.It came from a beast. He was larger than a man, yet not one. Though his head, torso and hips were that of a man with wild, flowing hair, his arms below the elbows were covered with thick mountain fur and his fingers were tipped by claws of black. His legs below the groin were similar; double-jointed and ending with paw-like feet and claws. His head, featuring eyes of yellow and dark slits, gave way to similarly furred ears ending in a slight point and growing above them were two pairs of horns that long enough to skewer a small man. In one hand this beast held an axe and in the other a shield, both of which he raised to warn all others of his approach. From behind him, a long tail seemed to swish.Yet he was not alone. Within seconds, more began to step out beside him; similarly armed and arranged in a loose, seemingly random formation. All of the same race, of the same tribe, yet unlike the harpies they were made up of both male and female warriors. Their torsos were naked and painted with blood, which glimmered in the morning sunlight as they began to swarm out into the farmlands surrounding Icarus.\"They've come! The Leotyr are here!\" The harpies cried, while turning and forming a large swarm to face the new approaching army. The defenders would find themselves left alone as those that had penetrated the defences suddenly flew back out to re-join their sisters. Naenia was now completely ignored except by those she chose to attack.It seemed Icarus had been dragged into something bigger than itself. But for what reason?Meanwhile, Kalazael stared at Naenia the Watcher with abandon.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "\"Stay away, winged woman!\" The red-haired harpy screamed, not out of fear, but determined anger as she swept up out of the way of the bolt of holy power and thus avoiding most of the blindness; though it seemed at least some of it managed to get through and daze her. As she furiously rubbed her eyes, Naenia closed in; yet her blade would not reach the harpy queen. Instead, it hit an underling who had thrust herself in the way of the blade in order to protect her leader and then fell from the sky with a cry, giving the queen just enough time to screech at the loss of her comrade and then force her way back through the still-advancing harpy ranks."}, "post-24419": {"user": "Kalazael", "user_num": 1051, "timestamp": "1455947421000", "message": "The leotyr began to charge across the plain, while the harpies swooped down to attack them from the air. The fighting thus began and was immediately fierce, leaving the men, women and children of Icarus frightened and outmatched. Yet Naenia's orders and her status as a protector over their lands gave them hope and a voice to follow, so before long doors and windows opened and the villagers began to flee; some carrying bags of food, others suckling babes and children. \"The villagers are evacuating! It will be among them!\" One of the leotyr yelled to his leader, while battle raged around them. \"Rout the harpies first, then we shall find it!\" Came the reply. They pushed onwards.-----Meanwhile, one of the villagers approached Naenia. He was a young man, barely sixteen, yet hadn't begun his escape with the others; who had chosen to flee towards the woods away from the battle in a chaotic retreat. \"Watcher! Please! You need to come with me! I know what they're here for!\"Suddenly he turned, then ran around a corner and out into the field in order to follow alongside the villagers. Yet after a minute or so of running, his path began to diverge from the rest. Rather than fleeing into the forest, he went over the hill of the salt mines and then sprinted down towards the coast. He followed the beach for a few minutes more, until he turned into the entrance of a cave lit by a campfire and went inside to a warm interior where several others were gathered around the firepit. ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "The leotyr began to charge across the plain, while the harpies swooped down to attack them from the air. The fighting thus began and was immediately fierce, leaving the men, women and children of Icarus frightened and outmatched. Yet Naenia's orders and her status as a protector over their lands gave them hope and a voice to follow, so before long doors and windows opened and the villagers began to flee; some carrying bags of food, others suckling babes and children. "}, "post-24430": {"user": "Kalazael", "user_num": 1051, "timestamp": "1455951758000", "message": "The boy pointed towards the figure in the corner, who was huddled up in blankets on a makeshift bedroll of furs and hay. \"She has it,\" he told her, while the others lowered their head in silence as though they were about to be punished for some sin.The woman in the blankets look up towards Naenia, then nodded. She sat up, a talon-tipped foot revealing itself from the blanket that lay over her. She held something in her arms, something that, as Naenia got closer, could be heard to breathe. Slowly, the woman removed the blanket to reveal a sleeping babe.The woman was a harpy. A young adult woman, from the look of her. Separated from her tribe. Yet it was the child she held in her arms that was even more surprising. It was feathered in certain places, with tiny winged attached to the arms; yet it's legs were not the legs of a harpy. They were double-jointed and covered in fur, ending in something that resembled more lion's paw than foot, yet the claws were curved as much as talons were. The child's pupils were feline slits, yet the shape of it's eyes were distinctly like that of it's mothers and contained three eyelids; the third of which swept across the child's eyes horizontally as a translucent screen. Finally, with four small horns, a flexible neck capable of turning far more than the average mortal's and a tiny feline tail, it was quite obvious that the child was a hybrid.\"I went to nest with the leotyr king,\" the harpy told Naenia. \"And I bore a child. They've both come for her. She is an important child... A daughter of the flock and a princess of the leotyr and both sides want her for themselves. They pulled and pulled me between them like a scrap of meat and so I fled.\"", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "The boy pointed towards the figure in the corner, who was huddled up in blankets on a makeshift bedroll of furs and hay. \"She has it,\" he told her, while the others lowered their head in silence as though they were about to be punished for some sin."}, "post-24439": {"user": "Kalazael", "user_num": 1051, "timestamp": "1455985779000", "message": "\"There will be no running for this one,\" the mother told Naenia, as she wrapped herself and her child back into their blanket covers. \"Tired. Injured. Can only hide here.\"The young boy, who had led Naenia to the cave, followed her as she strode out of it. \"Miss Guardian, you don't need to fight and die! The villagers will have escaped into the woods by now! The beast tribes will loot the village and then leave when they realize that the baby isn't there!\"Still, he could not hope to rely on persuading her. If she still rushed off to face battle, he would simply stand there and sigh. However, if she chose to stay he would point towards several boulders further down the beach. \"We could use those to hide the cave entrance.. Just for a while... You're strong right?\"Either way, the battle continued on an even foot, despite the losses the harpies had already taken. ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "\"There will be no running for this one,\" the mother told Naenia, as she wrapped herself and her child back into their blanket covers. \"Tired. Injured. Can only hide here.\""}}