{"post-31769": {"user": "[Phoenix] Zaltos Kiraxo", "user_num": 29, "timestamp": "1459913970000", "message": "Such a beautiful day; the sun was shining, the birds were chirping, and the breeze carried through with just enough touch to make one feel free. Such a day was perfect for spending time in the square and things within a city or town would be bustling with occupants. Such a day would make one feel as though all was fine and nothing could go wrong. Such a belief would soon be contradicted by the judgement of the Angel of Amun Ra and the Six Faces....------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Deep within the pits of a 'heaven' in all senses, would of course be a dark place where no life; celestial or mortal. Things that occurred within these simply exist. There is no reason why except the work of a great power. In these pits are what remains of the Phoenix Heavens after the recent isolation of The Phoenix State and the growth of other deities. The heavens were worse than Hell and there was only one way to stop this...Six spires filled the chamber that was floored by magma and roofed by stalagmites made of spiraling bones. If one would take notice, the entire structure of the earth like material was made of mashed and mended bones. What added to this beautiful structure of evil material was the seven beings that filled this chamber. Each being was garbed in either a red and gold, white and gold, or blue and gold, cloak that covered the massive forms. \"Why should we spare them?! We offered our weapon and they still ignored fate!\" A voice rang only to be met by another beings, \"They are mortals and without them we will vanish. We must gain our power back and we have only one option...\"A red pulse of energy filled the chamber and magma spewed into the air, falling on the beings who showed no care to the magma. The walls quaked and a few large spikes fell from the ceiling, the souls trapped in in screaming the entire way. Whatever the red pulse signaled, it was powerful.\"He has mastered dragons and slayed gods... He has defeated armies and titans... He is our only option.\" A voice whispered as if they were guilty for something, \"And his recent victory over Shilo... It has not only quaked the pits of the Fourth Hell, but it is stretching into the third. We are the Second Hell and if we want to survive before he kills us, we need to place him back in the mortal realm. It's not like we can't seal him away again... so long as Amun Ra doesn't interfere.\"Despite popular belief, the group knew there was only one option. They had to surrender their remaining power to banish this being back into the mortal realm. Even with such words of glory about this being, how these beings would summon the mighty being would be a shame.The room pulsed red once more and the magma spewed again. The walls slowly broke away with screams as well as the stalagmites. From the mortal eye, the chamber would seem to be collapsing from massive quakes of power surging through it. What these beings knew was that nothing bad really could happen here. Nothing can live or die here, as if trapped within two planes; A prison. Only one thing could bend this realm in order to suffer it's rejection.The chamber went quiet and black. The only thing that could be seen was a fire in the form of a angel. A fire would surge around this fire form that looked almost like a bird. To give more reason to believe the moving flame was a bird, it let off an ear piercing squeal. As for the fire being itself, it seemed to be bound by some type of chains that let off a crimson glow in the black. The realm could be seen fluctuating around the fire being, glimpses of different universes and heavens flashing before them. The being would raise it's head and let off a roar that made light of a dragons roar. Whatever this being was, it was definitely pissed.\"You have stopped me at the steps to the Second King of Hell! You imbeciles! Have you not learned that you will never stop me!! I will purge the Seven Hells and craft the Heavens into one! This realm belongs to the mortals! You gods are merely bullies!\" The being shouted into the darkness, knowing exactly who had him.\"Calm yourself... We are asking for your help. If the powers that are established in our realm are not stopped, then you will be facing powers far worse than ours... We need to work together. We have figured out how to get you back to your beloved Phoenix Imperium despite the recent changes it has suffered.\" A deep voice rang from the darkness.\"I will never trust you. Whatever you are planning, it will fail. You can send me back to wherever you want. I promise you one thing, nobody will kill you because that is my job; I will kill them before they can kill you... Bring me here has only sealed your fates...\" The fiery being spoke in a deeper, more serious tone.\"Do as you will, but if not for glory of killing these beings, for my freedom... I have fallen and they have captured me again. You are the last hope for the Phoenixians. Do what you do best, as you were a gift from the White Sun.\" The voice spoke before the sound of choking could be heard; whatever these beings were, they didn't want this one talking much more. Time was up. The being knew where they were being sent and the deities didn't get to finish. While six of them began to talk among each other in fear that they had released their doom, one was laughing despite being choked and who knows what else in the Hellish chamber. In a micro-second, the realms folded in and kicked the anomaly from it's presence. What magic remained from the summoning was directed into focusing the direction of the being into the mortal realm. Despite the beings being scared, this was their only chance and they needed the being to reach the planet they were needed on. All that remained of the cloaked being was the faintest of presence as they more or less offered part of their absolute form. This was not only abnormal, but it would soon prove toxic for the beings. The realm they were trapped in would try to consume what remained of them as it now realized they were there and not supposed to be; they could not be. Spitting out of the realm and ripping into the mortal realm of the Overworld, a red bolt of fire would flicker across the skies. Seconds after this red bolt of fire erupted, a hole in the sky appeared the seemed to glow as bright as the sun. As the hole appeared, flames began to roar from within it, casting an abnormal heat into the sky that would go unnoticed by the people below on the ground. The sky seemed to take on a reddish tint due to the presence of this fiery rip in the realm. Thunder seemed to take a presence as the fiery lightning slowly grew in strength. Within the thunder, the piercing screech of a powerful bird could be heard from the center of this fire storm. A beacon of power could be sensed for hundreds of miles across the lands. His allies would know this energy signature, the holy would praise it's purity and heavenly essence, and evil would fear it. All beings would be cautious of it, or at least be curious.This is pretty much what is going on in the sky.))", "link_list": [], "image_list": ["http://img03.deviantart.net/7f9a/i/2010/055/e/e/fire_vortex_by_saharyusho.jpg"], "html": "Such a beautiful day; the sun was shining, the birds were chirping, and the breeze carried through with just enough touch to make one feel free. Such a day was perfect for spending time in the square and things within a city or town would be bustling with occupants. Such a day would make one feel as though all was fine and nothing could go wrong. Such a belief would soon be contradicted by the judgement of the Angel of Amun Ra and the Six Faces...."}, "post-31892": {"user": null, "user_num": null, "timestamp": "1459983453000", "message": "The Crimson Company had made a name for themselves within their old world, and they would do the same in this new one. Within their own empire, they had purged anathema from their realms, slaughtering the children of the gods that had power to rival their forefathers. They had fallen beneath the thundering hooves of the Company, or upon the blade of the Gilded Rose herself.In this new Goraian Empire, the Crimson Company had found a home achingly familiar to their last. Their horses, larger and stronger from their realm had to have their own stables built, as well as a new headquarters for the Crimson Company prepared in Stonevale as well. Under Lady Zaiyandorel\u2019s guidance, they had pledged themselves to Lord Zephidel of the Exalted State of Goraia, and would prove as effective here as they were in their long-abandoned home.So when the skies split, it did not impress Lady Zaiyandorel, who had seen such feats from the very golden demon\u2019s she had put down. She did, however, look up from the maps she had been pouring over and moved towards the large bay windows to look into the sky.\u201cReady the horses,\u201d she murmured to her lieutenant behind her, who snapped to do her bidding. Everyone in the Crimson Company would die for the next. They were close knit and moved as one, each one a trained warrior, elite in his craft. They were blood brothers, who slaughtered innocents at a command and without hesitation, should that command be given for whatever reason. Towns had been purged by the Crimson Company, roads had been burned, and evil had been cast back to the realms of hell that they had crawled from, forced down by the bottoms of the red and smoking boots the Company wore.Lady Zaiyandorel dawned her own red-and-gold armor, armor decorated with thorns and vines that had given her the nickname The Gilded Rose of the Dragon when she had been back within her own domain. The name still fit her.The portcullis and wards of Stonevale were left in the wake of Lady Zaiyandorel and her outriders, until she pulled their horses to a stop. Her black hair curled from beneath her helm, drifting this way and that, swaying into naught but smoke. Her skin was a rich tan, kissed by the sun, freckles across her nose and cheeks glowing and fading like living embers. Her own dark eyes were like burning coals, bright and hot, framed in thick lashes. She was beautiful to look at, and just as dangerous.The mounted cavalry waited back from where the spiral of fire churned in the sky, waiting for whatever would come to come. They would greet it, first with the smoky, sultry voice of the Lady Zaiyandorel, should the being so choose\u2026 or with a more violent means. Zaiya was prepared for both.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "The Crimson Company had made a name for themselves within their old world, and they would do the same in this new one. Within their own empire, they had purged "}, "post-31976": {"user": "[Phoenix] Zaltos Kiraxo", "user_num": 29, "timestamp": "1460044310000", "message": "I posted, but it ate my post so it will be later tonight when I do post again. :(", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "I posted, but it ate my post so it will be later tonight when I do post again. :("}, "post-32074": {"user": "[Phoenix] Zaltos Kiraxo", "user_num": 29, "timestamp": "1460081846000", "message": "\u201cHe will rise as the Phoenix and stand as the Leviathan of Ten Crowns\u2026.\u201d A voice boom through the sky in such a deep tone that the gravels on the grounds would quake as they were spoken. There was no peace for the skies or the people. The fiery bolts that cracked from the center of the storm seemed to grow more intense with every passing second. The longer the storm had to thrive, the more power it seemed to draw, casting the fiery bolts faster and faster till a web of bolts covered the sky like a standing Heat Lightning. These bolts on signaled the beginning of what was to come.The fires surrounding the hole in the sky began to produce a jet black smoke that was blocking the sight of the fire from the ground. These black clouds mocked the black of space, making a presence that had never been seen before. As time passed, the hole in the sky began to pour out mass amounts of this jet black smoke, finalizing a wall between the ground and the firestorm. One might even assume that the storm was evil if they couldn\u2019t feel the powers surging through it. The fiery bolts seemed to stretch into the black clouds, making no appearance below them.  One thing that did show was the red glow they emitted within the clouds of smoke and tears in the clouds that looked like small explosions casting smaller clouds of black smoke into the air. To make it worse, this was only a distraction. Any mage or magic user would notice a pull in the forces of magic that seemed to be draining the atmosphere slowly of any stray magic between the storm and grounds.As the smoke clouds lingered in the sky, a sulfur smell would begin the fill the nostrils of those within the span of the storm. With time, the smell would become unbearable, but by this time most commoners and wildlife would have surely found a hiding place simply because of the original firestorm above these clouds. Needless to say, the hole in the sky seemed to mock that of a volcano.And then the skies became still and the sounds vanished.  The clouds seemed frozen and the pulses of red within them stopped on the spot creating a constant glow. This could be considered the peace within the eye of the storm because it was not over, just a minute of peace.Three large booms resembling a Gong could be heard that rang across the skies. The waves of energy creating from these deep booms could be seen; making the storm look like it had an oceanic tide on the base of it. The final moments were near\u2026A single, prolonged, extensive screech echoed from the center of the storm where the hole in the sky was. With this powerful screech, winds began to blow throughout the lands as if it was a tropical storm of fire. Following the wind was a sulfuric rain that began to fall from the smoke clouds like a waterfall, rushing across the ground since it didn\u2019t have time to soak into the ground immediately. The fiery bolts would begin to crack again and the thunder rolled. What the beings below would see is a fire storm fit for a Titan. And as most things, this storm stopped within minutes of starting. The winds would reside and the rain turned to light mist. The sulfuric water on the ground, or \u2018acid rain\u2019, would be soaked into the ground. This time things would actually get better.A vacuum sound could be heard in the sky from the center of the storm. The black storm made from the smokey material began to pull towards the center, folding in on itself.  The fire above still continued to spiral, but no sound or wind could be felt, just the tug on the magic being pulled towards the hole in the sky. This vacuum sound seemed to grow stronger the smaller the clouds got.After minutes, the black clouds were gone and all that remained was the fiery field and fire bolts that were originally noticed in the sky upon the arrival of the hole in the sky. The vacuum didn\u2019t stop, even these fires began to fold into the hole. If one paid attention, they would notice the fire spiraling in the opposite direction of it\u2019s arrival. Minutes later, the fire was gone and all that remained was a fiery vortex of sure destruction that was consuming mass amounts of magic for some reason. The reality around this vortex seemed to bend as glimpses of space could be seen spiraling around it. To add to the anomaly, the fires seemed to vanish and the vortex emitted a golden light that made it as blinding as the Sun and produced a unique heat that could only be felt by magic users.The skies were back to being blue and the animals were back to being lively. It would seem as though nothing had ever happened despite the sulfur smell left in the air from the rain water soaked into the ground, silently poisoning the land; but, this was something that would most likely go unnoticed as sulfur rain or \u2018acid rain\u2019 was unique.  This \u2018sun\u2019 would remain constant for a few minutes before shrinking.  It would not move or hide, but a sentient presence could definitely be felt from this \u2018sun\u2019. To match this sentience was the magical force being emitted that was producing energy and consuming energy. This force was very unstable and the slightest disturbance could cause massive destruction across the land.\u201cTrogdor\u2026 Where are you?\u201d the \u2018Sun\u2019 thought to itself trying to act upon a bond it had with the dragon; in simpler terms, he was trying to communicate with Trogdor in case he didn\u2019t notice the energy flux and the spark in their bond that would signal a specific beings presence in the Overworld.In that moment, the being took notice of the energy he was looking for. The 'Sun' began to move at a rapid pace, leaving a trail of fire behind it that was more less an exhaust from the 'Sun'. Anyone with any sense of direction and speed could follow. It wouldn't take long for the 'Sun' to reach it's target.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "\u201cHe will rise as the Phoenix and stand as the Leviathan of Ten Crowns\u2026.\u201d A voice boom through the sky in such a deep tone that the gravels on the grounds would quake as they were spoken. "}, "post-32089": {"user": "Trogdor", "user_num": 145, "timestamp": "1460084861000", "message": "At last Zaltos's summoning had completed.  Trogdor cast his mind towards that great sun like power that was his rider and instantly felt the old psychic bond snap into place as their manas merged.\"I am close. Come fight with me and we shall show this nation what fear truly is!\"", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "At last Zaltos's summoning had completed.  Trogdor cast his mind towards that great sun like power that was his rider and instantly felt the old psychic bond snap into place as their manas merged."}, "post-32159": {"user": null, "user_num": null, "timestamp": "1460136721000", "message": "Displays of power. Shows of Dominance.They had all seen it before, and in the end, the hooves of the Crimson Company had trampled over the bodies of these would-be gods, crushing them into the earth they thought they were above. It was always this way with the anathema, with those that thought they were the sun.The Crimson Company sat upon their steeds, steeds that shifted beneath them as if also bored, for their destriers had also been witness to skies cracking open, rains bitterly pouring, to heat that could have melted skin and muscle from bone before turning the very bone to ash.When the acid rain came down, they lowered their helms, and Lady Zaiyandorel knew that nothing good would be coming of this storm. Even so, it put a thrill in the black-haired woman\u2019s heart, the rain making little embers of light shimmer along her armor and those of her men and their horses. Protected.\u201cInform the Hell Riders that we\u2019ll be hunting the Sun,\u201d Lady Zaiyandorel said to her Lieutenant as the great ball of fiery energy went searing towards the Usque. She kicked off her steed, and the Crimson Company fell in after her, thunder in the wake of the godling, speaking of a far different storm.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "<i>Displays of power.</i>"}}