{"post-81441": {"user": null, "user_num": null, "timestamp": "1523278394000", "message": "When the village was built generations ago, it was small and struggling to flourish. Now, it is a bustling farmer's town and alternative home to those that serve under the blue banner. The occasional shop sells a few wares but mostly food goods, river fish among them that cannot be found at the docks by the sea. Monks wonder the town to help those in need and settle disputes - as well as defend the people from Fusei influence and raids.Simple people generally reside here, parents tending to paddies and farmlands while children run in play and glee. A common sight are flying kites coloring the skies and pretty banners and signs swaying in the breeze. Napo is a very uplifting place with the friendly residents and optimistic people, the peace and tranquility of the Temple of the Monkhood, and even from the dense misted Bamboo Forests around much of the western side of town.", "link_list": [], "image_list": ["https://i.imgur.com/ygWgaZx.jpg"], "html": "When the village was built generations ago, it was small and struggling to flourish. Now, it is a bustling farmer's town and alternative home to those that serve under the blue banner. The occasional shop sells a few wares but mostly food goods, river fish among them that cannot be found at the docks by the sea. Monks wonder the town to help those in need and settle disputes - as well as defend the people from Fusei influence and raids."}, "post-83890": {"user": "Amaya Thundra", "user_num": 3054, "timestamp": "1531055633000", "message": "Amaya let out a contented sigh as she stretched out languidly, yawning a bit as she did so. She turned over and smiled as she let her hands skim along the top of the clouds just below her, giggling softly and shaking off the water droplets and ice crystals that clung to her hand. There truly was nothing quite like being on wing in the open sky, out of reach of all the denizens of the earth below. The thin air, the freezing temperature, the fluffy clouds that she wished she could actually lay on\u2026 There was no feeling quite like it. It really was quite the shame she only allowed herself the indulgence when she decided to wander off to a new realm. She always did like to be surprised when she moved on to a new country, so she would soar up higher than her eyes could see and choose a direction to soar in till she sensed life below. And it was faint but she could sense it. Far below, weakly but still glimmering, there were humans going about their lives. Amaya let a smile grace her face as she took another deep breath, taking in the heavens one last time before she dove through the cloud layer, floating down to the world below. After her last encounter, she was eager for a less...messy reception. She hoped she wouldn\u2019t spook the townsfolk too much, all she wanted was to learn from them after all. A place to belong was all she longed for since her mother\u2019s passing.Yes\u2026 A nice, relaxing, peaceful atmosphere was definitely what she hoped for in this new realm. Thoughts of warm smiles and warmer embraces filled her mind as she flew in low over the land, her elegant black wings stark against the bright blue sky as they carried her over the earth to the village she sensed ahead. ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Amaya let out a contented sigh as she stretched out languidly, yawning a bit as she did so. She turned over and smiled as she let her hands skim along the top of the clouds just below her, giggling softly and shaking off the water droplets and ice crystals that clung to her hand. There truly was nothing quite like being on wing in the open sky, out of reach of all the denizens of the earth below. The thin air, the freezing temperature, the fluffy clouds that she wished she could actually lay on\u2026 There was no feeling quite like it. "}, "post-83891": {"user": null, "user_num": null, "timestamp": "1531057276000", "message": "The day was busy with adults in the farms and in the pens of livestock, and the skies were decorated in colorful designs that were dancing on the wind. Paper shapes like birds and dragons and even with no recognizable icons were floating from the length of strings all the way down to the ground, their streamer tails flicking about in the air. These were a clear beacon for anything in flight to see and come to acknowledge the walkers of the earth.As the dark winged figure came into view of those below, one would stop digging up the earth with their gardening hoe to shield their vision from the sun as they peered at it from below. She began to ramble and point out the figure in flight, catching the attention of her husband. He began to bark out in alarm, and point it out to another farmer. It soon became a sight that was being seen by many, and then those inside the busiest heart of the town.The soldiers that were on patrol and at the ready in Napo were eventually notified, and a samurai commander was dispatched out to the farms with a handful of spearmen and a pair of archers - looking to the skies for whatever it was that was upsetting the farmers.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "The day was busy with adults in the farms and in the pens of livestock, and the skies were decorated in colorful designs that were dancing on the wind. Paper shapes like birds and dragons and even with no recognizable icons were floating from the length of strings all the way down to the ground, their streamer tails flicking about in the air. These were a clear beacon for anything in flight to see and come to acknowledge the walkers of the earth."}, "post-83892": {"user": "Amaya Thundra", "user_num": 3054, "timestamp": "1531057946000", "message": "Amaya smiled even brighter as she breezed past the kites in the gentle air. She spun slightly in the air doing a barrel roll, sending a stronger gust of wind their way to keep the delicate kites afloat with her, unknowingly dragging the holders of the ropes a few feet.She tucked her wings slightly, careful not to break any of the kites as she saw the gathering of warrior ahead. She smiled wider at that, the tips of her sharpened canines just coming into view as she dove straight for them, her hand outstretched in a wave.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Amaya smiled even brighter as she breezed past the kites in the gentle air. She spun slightly in the air doing a barrel roll, sending a stronger gust of wind their way to keep the delicate kites afloat with her, unknowingly dragging the holders of the ropes a few feet."}, "post-83894": {"user": null, "user_num": null, "timestamp": "1531068289000", "message": "Children squealed and laughed as the unknown creature whipped up winds to tug on their kites.Adults, however, were beginning to panic as the creature came into a more detailed view. The winged beast was diving towards the village, and directly for the force that had been dispatched. Amaya would be able to hear panicked jabbering and barked commands in something other than Common speech - the swordsman drew his blade in preparation, looking anything but friendly, and shouted a command with the weapon pointed out at the descending individual.Both archers nocked their bows and let their arrows loose directly for the center of her mass.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Children squealed and laughed as the unknown creature whipped up winds to tug on their kites."}, "post-83896": {"user": "Amaya Thundra", "user_num": 3054, "timestamp": "1531075114000", "message": "Amaya was just about to pull up to float down to the humans when she noticed the panicked jabbering and she was about to announce she meant the no harm but the arrows shooting, quite literally cut her off. Her eyes widened and she pulled back, bringing forward a mighty gust of wind, knocking the arrows out of the air and off a set course at her face. She let herself drop to the ground the her hands out in a placating manner as she walked towards the group of armored human, the smile that she had been practicing carefully on her lips. \u201cHello humans! There\u2019s no need for your weapons. I mean no harm.\u201d She said in her mother tongue as she unsheathed her sword about to demonstrate that she would place it on the ground.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "<br>Amaya was just about to pull up to float down to the humans when she noticed the panicked jabbering and she was about to announce she meant the no harm but the arrows shooting, quite literally cut her off. Her eyes widened and she pulled back, bringing forward a mighty gust of wind, knocking the arrows out of the air and off a set course at her face. <br/><br/>She let herself drop to the ground the her hands out in a placating manner as she walked towards the group of armored human, the smile that she had been practicing carefully on her lips. <br/><br/>\u201cHello humans! There\u2019s no need for your weapons. I mean no harm.\u201d She said in her mother tongue as she unsheathed her sword about to demonstrate that she would place it on the ground.<br/></br>"}, "post-83908": {"user": null, "user_num": null, "timestamp": "1531104215000", "message": "The fact their arrows were nulled only seemed to make them more anxious, and the spearmen were already fanning out to circle Amaya - pointed spearheads aimed directly at her defensively. The archers were already hastily nocking more arrows to fire.The samurai narrowed his eyes on the creature as it spoke. Both hands came to rest in preparation on the hilt of his katana and he inched closer - watching the beast carefully. When it went for the weapon he barked something unknown in a hard, sharp tone at her while following her motions with the tip of his sword.Eventually another pair of samurai jogged up to the location in the fields to see what in the world was going on, a hand flying to their respective weapons upon sight of the winged creature. They would approach the first cautiously, keeping a wary eye on Amaya.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "The fact their arrows were nulled only seemed to make them more anxious, and the spearmen were already fanning out to circle Amaya - pointed spearheads aimed directly at her defensively. The archers were already hastily nocking more arrows to fire."}, "post-83918": {"user": "Amaya Thundra", "user_num": 3054, "timestamp": "1531141587000", "message": "Amaya smiled as she heard them talking as she set her sword down on the ground. \u201cWhat a curious language.\u201d She mused as she straightened up. She tucked her wings in so they wouldn\u2019t brush against the spears accidentally and they folded against her back making it almost appear like she was merely wearing a cape. It made no difference really if she was armed or not, she could do just as much damage unarmed, perhaps more without her weapon. But she was a woman of her word, and truly she meant them no harm. She raised her hands up to show them she was not carrying anything, wiggling her fingers for good measure.\u201cYour language is quite intriguing, and I\u2019d love to hear more of it, but is there one among you that speak my tongue?\u201d She asked still smiling reassuringly to them.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Amaya smiled as she heard them talking as she set her sword down on the ground. \u201cWhat a curious language.\u201d She mused as she straightened up. She tucked her wings in so they wouldn\u2019t brush against the spears accidentally and they folded against her back making it almost appear like she was merely wearing a cape. "}, "post-83919": {"user": null, "user_num": null, "timestamp": "1531144570000", "message": "One of the two arrivals seemed to perk up as she spoke, and gestured to them both with a palm down and patting low a time or two - an indicator to calm down, perhaps? He would approach, to the nearest soldier and remain just at his flank, watching Amaya carefully.Finally he exhaled sharply. \"You speak?\" he asked clearly and loudly, to ensure she heard him.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "One of the two arrivals seemed to perk up as she spoke, and gestured to them both with a palm down and patting low a time or two - an indicator to calm down, perhaps? He would approach, to the nearest soldier and remain just at his flank, watching Amaya carefully."}, "post-83989": {"user": "Amaya Thundra", "user_num": 3054, "timestamp": "1531543898000", "message": "\"I do, you can hear me speak can you not?\" She teased lightly, breathing a soft chuckle at that. \"I apologize if I frightened you all, I've just been traveling for quite some time and I sensed a village here that I thought might be alright with allowing me to rest for some time.\" She said brightly as she tapped one of the spears gently, still smiling warmly to the men surrounding her as if they were holding out flowers to her and not spears and arrows. She seemed to have no concept of the danger she was in.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "\"I do, you can hear me speak can you not?\" She teased lightly, breathing a soft chuckle at that. \"I apologize if I frightened you all, I've just been traveling for quite some time and I sensed a village here that I thought might be alright with allowing me to rest for some time.\" She said brightly as she tapped one of the spears gently, still smiling warmly to the men surrounding her as if they were holding out flowers to her and not spears and arrows. She seemed to have no concept of the danger she was in."}, "post-84001": {"user": null, "user_num": null, "timestamp": "1531675415000", "message": "Glances were exchanged between the soldiers and commanders present - their expressions still a mix of uncertainty and caution. The one that spoke up looked her up and down, trying to figure out something.\"Are you oni? Did you come from east?\" he inquired skeptically.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Glances were exchanged between the soldiers and commanders present - their expressions still a mix of uncertainty and caution. The one that spoke up looked her up and down, trying to figure out something."}, "post-84032": {"user": "Amaya Thundra", "user_num": 3054, "timestamp": "1531791857000", "message": "Amaya listened along her wings fluttering slightly on her back as she considered his question.\u201cI apologize\u2026 I don\u2019t quite understand what you mean. The word Oni, is not familiar to me. But if you ask my name, my given human name is Amaya. If you ask what I am, half of the blood that runs through my veins is yours, we are brethren of man. And as for where I came\u2026\u201d She stopped to consider it as she let her wings fold over her chest like she wore a thick black cloak.\u201cI am one without a domain. I was born below your world. I travel where the wind takes me and it blew me your direction.\u201d She said before looking a bit sheepish. \u201cSo forgive me, but I do not know your cardinal directions well and it is hard to tell so high above the clouds which direction I\u2019ve gone.\u201d She explained before stepping forward again to address the man she was speaking to directly.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Amaya listened along her wings fluttering slightly on her back as she considered his question."}, "post-84125": {"user": null, "user_num": null, "timestamp": "1532352513000", "message": "The single step was enough to make those holding her at length begin to bark venomously at her. Though she couldn't understand them, their glares and fidgeting weapon hands on spear and hilt alike, shuffling feet - it was clear they were more than cautious with her. There was no trust or understanding from those that didn't speak her words. The one that could kept his place, seeming to understand that she wasn't violent - at least, not now. He barked at his men around him in their local language, trying to get them to calm down.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "The single step was enough to make those holding her at length begin to bark venomously at her. Though she couldn't understand them, their glares and fidgeting weapon hands on spear and hilt alike, shuffling feet - it was clear they were more than cautious with her. There was no trust or understanding from those that didn't speak her words. The one that could kept his place, seeming to understand that she wasn't violent - at least, not now. He barked at his men around him in their local language, trying to get them to calm down."}, "post-84126": {"user": null, "user_num": null, "timestamp": "1532353095000", "message": "From across the farmlands came three individuals walking in their direction - two of them young men perhaps in their teens, dressed plainly in the robes of apprentice monks. They were walking side by side to a man of a considerably older age, dressed rather similar but something a little less uniform compared to the two boys. His tied hair and long beard were a grey-white, and his eyes in a peering squint.They came into hearing of the commotion with the stranger that was visiting from the skies, and the elder man stepped up beside one of the soldiers, watching Amaya with a curious gaze. He spoke the local tongue as well, watching her intently before glancing to the one swordsman that could speak Common and speaking to him directly.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "From across the farmlands came three individuals walking in their direction - two of them young men perhaps in their teens, dressed plainly in the robes of apprentice monks. They were walking side by side to a man of a considerably older age, dressed rather similar but something a little less uniform compared to the two boys. His tied hair and long beard were a grey-white, and his eyes in a peering squint."}, "post-84137": {"user": "Amaya Thundra", "user_num": 3054, "timestamp": "1532433442000", "message": "Amaya watched the proceedings, carefully crossing her hands behind her head in gesture of submission and that she would not make herself a threat. \"I apologize again. I do not mean you any harm, and no harm shall come to you so long as you do not outright attack me. I have never...\" Amaya paused as she amended her statement. \"I have killed... a number of men. But none that were innocent, or that did not force my hand. I do not do such things lightly as life is precious, so please, I would like if we could conduct ourselves peaceably.\" ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Amaya watched the proceedings, carefully crossing her hands behind her head in gesture of submission and that she would not make herself a threat. "}, "post-84138": {"user": null, "user_num": null, "timestamp": "1532439973000", "message": "The moment Common words came from her mouth did the older man perk up in a 'aha!' moment, and the tug at the corners of his beard indicated a smile had formed. He listened and did not interrupt, though his expression became a little hard as she continued - more so on the idea of killing. It wasn't one of disgust or distrust, but rather of a grim understanding.It was only after she said her peace that the man carefully placed his palm on the body of the weapon in the hands of the soldier near him and pressed to lower it so it was no longer pointed at her face. His eyes remained on Amaya. \"I believe we owe you OUR apologies, creature of the sky,\" he spoke in fluent Common. \"Understand, for something other than a bird or perhaps a bat to be in the skies - it has the potential to bring about good or bad omens, fortune or destruction. And it's not often a creature of either would stand in the farm fields and speak to people so boldly,\" he added with an easy chuckle. \"You've given everyone quite a fright.\"", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "The moment Common words came from her mouth did the older man perk up in a 'aha!' moment, and the tug at the corners of his beard indicated a smile had formed. He listened and did not interrupt, though his expression became a little hard as she continued - more so on the idea of killing. It wasn't one of disgust or distrust, but rather of a grim understanding."}, "post-84149": {"user": "Amaya Thundra", "user_num": 3054, "timestamp": "1532495017000", "message": "Amaya had the decency to look sheepish but she also looked very relieved to find another man who spoke Common. And the fact that this one didn't seem to hate and mistrust her on sight was also a plus. \"I apologize for my faults and accept your apologies. I just spotted your beautiful flying contraptions from the air, and I couldn't help but take a closer look. Normally I'd try to land a bit away to walk into the village, but I flew much too low it would seem.\" She said before holding out a hand to shake his as she had become accustomed to in lands far from where she currently stood. \"My full human given name is Amaya Thundra and I share half my blood with the blood of man, as I've shared with your kin. Who might you be wizened one?\" She asked noting his stature and how the warriors seemed to head his gentle guidance.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Amaya had the decency to look sheepish but she also looked very relieved to find another man who spoke Common. And the fact that this one didn't seem to hate and mistrust her on sight was also a plus. "}, "post-84181": {"user": null, "user_num": null, "timestamp": "1532774344000", "message": "The old man looked at her hand with a curious stare and lifted his own, but his palm faced her in a gesture for one to remain where they stood. \"I do hope you will forgive me if you are, indeed, not yokai. If you would be willing to agree to a single test...\"Without even a word from him, the two young apprentices shuffled closer, one of them delving into the pouch at his belted waist to find a seemingly blank slip of paper. The elder reached into his own and found a quaint, little, black bottle and a small brush with the soft bristles tapering to a gentle point. The tiny cork in the mouth of the bottle popped out with ease to reveal the near black bottom half, and a dip of the brush revealed the ink within. He quickly scrawled something out in delicate strokes that seemed to be of little comprehension for those unfamiliar with the language. At best, it was intricate art of thin and bold lines.When he was done he stopped the bottle and tucked both items away again, not seeming too bothered of the brush staining anything within the pouch. When his hand came back out of the little pocket he dusted the surface of the parchment with a fine dust before puffing off the remainder. He took the freshly drawn slip, known to the locals as a prayer slip of sorts, and let it rest in his open palm before Amaya - within arm's reach - so that she might look upon it, or even take it.\"Does this mean anything to you?\" he inquired, watching her carefully. Unbeknownst to her, this small writing held powerful ability to ward off evil and mischievous yokai and even deter Oni demons. If she was affected by such a thing, if she was a being of the spiritual plane they were accustomed to, there would be a solid reaction. The sight of the ink might offend her, make her feel the worse of sensations such as burn her eyes like the day sun or even make her ears ring like scraping steel on stone. Some of the worst he had seen were the ones that couldn't even tolerate being in their own skin. Personally, he hoped she wouldn't shrink away or, worse yet, become violent.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "The old man looked at her hand with a curious stare and lifted his own, but his palm faced her in a gesture for one to remain where they stood. \"I do hope you will forgive me if you are, indeed, not "}, "post-84185": {"user": "Amaya Thundra", "user_num": 3054, "timestamp": "1532826134000", "message": "Amaya blinked, a bit sad the man had not taken her hand to shake but she obligingly looked down at the slip in his hand and tilted her head curiously. She squinted a bit as she reached out and carefully took in out of his hands to look at it more closely only to grimace as one would after staring at the sun after waking up after a long sleep. She turned away and rubbed her eyes with her free hand, feeling a headache begin to build behind her eyes but she looked at the man. \"I'm sorry, it doesn't have any meaning to me but...it does... trigger some reaction....What is this?\" She asked curiously as she tried to look at the prayer slip again, despite the reaction it caused.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Amaya blinked, a bit sad the man had not taken her hand to shake but she obligingly looked down at the slip in his hand and tilted her head curiously. She squinted a bit as she reached out and carefully took in out of his hands to look at it more closely only to grimace as one would after staring at the sun after waking up after a long sleep. "}, "post-84191": {"user": null, "user_num": null, "timestamp": "1532838710000", "message": "This was... curious. Very curious. It was not one end of the scale or the other, but somewhere in the middle. Never had he seen such a reaction to a ward. He took the slip carefully from Amaya's hand and passed it off to one of the apprentices at his flank, muttering in a hushed tone - where the young man quickly tucked it away out of sight.\"Apologies, again. That was a ward prayer, used to deter and stop spirits and demons here in these lands. But I must admit, we've never had quite a reaction to one as yours, Amaya-san. Do forgive an old man one more prodding question, but you wouldn't happen to be a... a destructive being, would you?\" he asked, watching her with that original friendly squint.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "This was... curious. Very curious. It was not one end of the scale or the other, but somewhere in the middle. Never had he seen such a reaction to a ward. He took the slip carefully from Amaya's hand and passed it off to one of the apprentices at his flank, muttering in a hushed tone - where the young man quickly tucked it away out of sight."}, "post-84192": {"user": "Amaya Thundra", "user_num": 3054, "timestamp": "1532839419000", "message": "Amaya blinked before she cocked her head in confusion. \"I am... Not entirely sure what you mean by that. I am not destructive inherently, but I can be if the situation calls for it.\" She explained as she looked back at him, her eyes showing she meant what she said and they held an innocence not commonly seen, especially not in demonic beings. She seemed to pause and think for a while. \"Perhaps I am not clear enough in my description as to who I am? To tell you honestly, the other half of my blood, that of my father, is demon blood. My mother was human. I am the product of their love. Does that answer some questions?\" ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Amaya blinked before she cocked her head in confusion. \"I am... Not entirely sure what you mean by that. I am not destructive inherently, but I can be if the situation calls for it.\" She explained as she looked back at him, her eyes showing she meant what she said and they held an innocence not commonly seen, especially not in demonic beings. She seemed to pause and think for a while. "}, "post-84193": {"user": null, "user_num": null, "timestamp": "1532840467000", "message": "This was definitely something NOT of their realm, or even of this island. Perhaps not even from Katashima. The old man remained quiet in contemplation for a few moments more before he finally smiled, drawing the white hairs at the corners of his mouth further out from the gesture.\"I'm certain you're not from here, and as confusing as you are to us, we are to you. Would that be a safe assumption?\" he asked, looking down to his hand before attempting to offer it in the gesture of greeting from the westerner.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "This was definitely something NOT of their realm, or even of this island. Perhaps not even from Katashima. The old man remained quiet in contemplation for a few moments more before he finally smiled, drawing the white hairs at the corners of his mouth further out from the gesture."}, "post-84194": {"user": "Amaya Thundra", "user_num": 3054, "timestamp": "1532840889000", "message": "Amaya's face transformed into one of happiness and she eagerly accepted the outstretched hand, pumping it quickly, but she kept her grip loose so as to not crush the man's hand, which she was wholly capable of doing without a second thought. \"That would be! Of course, humanity itself as a whole is rather confusing to me. Which is why I have been traveling. I want to see more of what humanity truly is. You are all so very, very different.\" She said still shaking his hand, smiling at him.\"Especially here! I've never come across this tongue, or this style of writing in my travels. Or this style of homes! Or those curious little flying creatures on strings you have above your town! It is all so very new and exciting. Would it really cause much trouble if I were to stay here for a bit to observe? I can compensate you of course as well. Harsh storms will not touch your village, only gentle rains good for crops. I am also quite capable of fighting and I can defend your village from assailants.\" Amaya said quickly leaning towards the man, eagerness flowing off of her in vibrant waves. ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Amaya's face transformed into one of happiness and she eagerly accepted the outstretched hand, pumping it quickly, but she kept her grip loose so as to not crush the man's hand, which she was wholly capable of doing without a second thought. \"That would be! Of course, humanity itself as a whole is rather confusing to me. Which is why I have been traveling. I want to see more of what humanity truly is. You are all so very, very different.\" She said still shaking his hand, smiling at him."}, "post-84195": {"user": null, "user_num": null, "timestamp": "1532841621000", "message": "She almost yanked the man off his feet in her vigor, but he could only laugh in glee as she continued to babble on. When she finally quietened down he tried to politely pull his hand away.\"Please, relax Amaya-san. I don't think anyone here is prepared for your energy,\" he joked, chuckling lightly. \"I would encourage you to stay, but you must understand that you are quite a sight here. Many will not know how to approach you.\" He turned his head and glanced to one of his apprentices again and muttered to him in the second tongue, which had both work together to find another slip of paper, ink and brush and a simple red cord.The man looked up to Amaya again. \"I am Daisuke, Grandmaster of the monkhood here in Napo village. Those men,\" he gesture with his now free hand to the soldiers and swordsmen. \"They are of the Shogun's military force stationed here in the village. They are allies, not enemies. Please try to be patient with them.\"", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "She almost yanked the man off his feet in her vigor, but he could only laugh in glee as she continued to babble on. When she finally quietened down he tried to politely pull his hand away."}, "post-84196": {"user": "Amaya Thundra", "user_num": 3054, "timestamp": "1532843416000", "message": "Amaya looked around at the men before she laughed softly and shook her head. \"This is not the worst greeting I have ever gotten. I am actually quite used to being greeted with weapons in my face. I am just glad not to have been run through on the spot. That has happened too many times to count at this point.\" She said brightly to him before she continued. \"If my appearance disturbs the villagers though, I can wear a scarf to hide my horns and tuck my wings like so.\"The broad black wings unfolded from her back to carefully wrap around her body, now resting around her, much like a black cloak would and she still smiled eagerly to Daisuke. ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Amaya looked around at the men before she laughed softly and shook her head. \"This is not the worst greeting I have ever gotten. I am actually quite used to being greeted with weapons in my face. I am just glad not to have been run through on the spot. That has happened too many times to count at this point.\" She said brightly to him before she continued. \"If my appearance disturbs the villagers though, I can wear a scarf to hide my horns and tuck my wings like so.\""}, "post-84197": {"user": null, "user_num": null, "timestamp": "1532844247000", "message": "The Grandmaster gently shook his head after she wrapped herself about with her lovely wings. \"No no, there should be no reason to cover yourself. I would simply advise not making a wide display of what makes you different. We are seeing more and more foreigners these days - it helps to teach tolerance and understanding of those that are different. It's just not very often that one so close to the spirits of this place come forward so boldly,\" he added, reached back to accept a freshly drawn slip on the cord from his followers.His arms would come up with the cord between them in hopes of slipping it around her head to rest around her neck with the different kanji markings resting on her chest for anyone to see. \"This will not hurt, I promise. This simply says to anyone that reads it in Dongshu that you are a guest and friend. Just be prepared that some may move out of your way in awe that you are kami - a god - or a yokai spirit. But this will show that you are trusted and not something that will bring ill omen or death, and not to be feared.\"", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "The Grandmaster gently shook his head after she wrapped herself about with her lovely wings. \"No no, there should be no reason to cover yourself. I would simply advise not making a wide display of what makes you different. We are seeing more and more foreigners these days - it helps to teach tolerance and understanding of those that are different. It's just not very often that one so close to the spirits of this place come forward so boldly,\" he added, reached back to accept a freshly drawn slip on the cord from his followers."}, "post-84198": {"user": "Amaya Thundra", "user_num": 3054, "timestamp": "1532844693000", "message": "Amaya listened intently before she smiled and turned around giving him her back and crouching slightly to make it easier to tie the slip around her neck. She pulled it up slightly, golden eyes roaming over it as she turned to look at him again. \"Thank you so much. This means a great deal to me that you have placed your trust in me and given me this gift. I promise not to make you regret your decision as it is in my power.\" She said as she turned to face him again once the slip was securely tied to her. \"So I may I roam the village now?\" She asked excitedly. ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Amaya listened intently before she smiled and turned around giving him her back and crouching slightly to make it easier to tie the slip around her neck. She pulled it up slightly, golden eyes roaming over it as she turned to look at him again. \"Thank you so much. This means a great deal to me that you have placed your trust in me and given me this gift. I promise not to make you regret your decision as it is in my power.\" She said as she turned to face him again once the slip was securely tied to her. \"So I may I roam the village now?\" She asked excitedly. "}, "post-84199": {"user": null, "user_num": null, "timestamp": "1532845445000", "message": "She reminded him of a small child, so eager to explore the world around her. If she was an ill being, she was hiding it exceptionally well.He couldn't see that with this woman. Demon. What would he call her?His head came to a low, slow dip in an affirmative answer. \"Yes, you may. Just try not to get too excited, and stay out of trouble.\" He turned his head to glance to one of the young monks with him. \"Seo, accompany her, would you?\"The boy bowed low as a friendly smile appeared on his face. \"Of course, Grandmaster,\" he replied, his common just as clear with only the slightest accent.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "She reminded him of a small child, so eager to explore the world around her. If she was an ill being, she was hiding it exceptionally well."}, "post-84201": {"user": "Amaya Thundra", "user_num": 3054, "timestamp": "1532845852000", "message": "Amaya's face exploded in a grin and she hurriedly lurched forward grabbing the boy, Seo's, hand eagerly and pulling him along towards the village excitedly. \"Let's go then! No time to waste! I want to see everything! And it will help if there is someone to explain everything. Seo is an interesting name as well! Does it have some meaning in your tongue? Oh, and how old are you? Have you lived here your entire life? Are all places in this land like this? And...\" Amaya's voice gradually got carried away by the wind as she tugged the boy away. Her sword was swept up by this wind and returned to her hand for her to slide it into it's sheathe as they half ran towards the village.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Amaya's face exploded in a grin and she hurriedly lurched forward grabbing the boy, Seo's, hand eagerly and pulling him along towards the village excitedly. \"Let's go then! No time to waste! I want to see everything! And it will help if there is someone to explain everything. Seo is an interesting name as well! Does it have some meaning in your tongue? Oh, and how old are you? Have you lived here your entire life? Are all places in this land like this? And...\" Amaya's voice gradually got carried away by the wind as she tugged the boy away. Her sword was swept up by this wind and returned to her hand for her to slide it into it's sheathe as they half ran towards the village."}, "post-84202": {"user": null, "user_num": null, "timestamp": "1532847435000", "message": "The demon guest and the monk escort were trailed along by a number of young children, pointing and giggling and rambling from afar at the strange creature that had been in the skies amongst their kites. She looked so strange, but the feathers looked so soft. And she had demon horns on her head! So strange!Wherever the pair of them went they were met with strange glances and quiet murmuring from the people that looked upon her. But many were speaking in awestruck tones, and many bowed upon seeing her - even going so far as to offer her things in tribute. Food and trinkets and fine garments - which, is where Seo would have to step in to help deter the mannerisms and try to explain that she was not demanding tribute.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "The demon guest and the monk escort were trailed along by a number of young children, pointing and giggling and rambling from afar at the strange creature that had been in the skies amongst their kites. She looked so strange, but the feathers looked so soft. And she had demon horns on her head! So strange!"}, "post-84203": {"user": null, "user_num": null, "timestamp": "1532847898000", "message": "It seemed the flying beast wasn't the only thing visiting Napo this day. There would be more, and they would come over the hills of the east. They came flooding over, dark specks on the green and yellow lands. Men and women alike, though none as kind of plainly clothed as Napo farmers and families, were charging towards the farming village. Weapons were at the ready of different kinds and makes, and several more came with the wave but upon horseback. More horses were being rode in at the back of the ranks, bringing in rough wooden carts and more fighters.The Fusei were making a charge for Napo, yet again.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "It seemed the flying beast wasn't the only thing visiting Napo this day. There would be more, and they would come over the hills of the east. They came flooding over, dark specks on the green and yellow lands. Men and women alike, though none as kind of plainly clothed as Napo farmers and families, were charging towards the farming village. Weapons were at the ready of different kinds and makes, and several more came with the wave but upon horseback. More horses were being rode in at the back of the ranks, bringing in rough wooden carts and more fighters."}, "post-84215": {"user": "Amaya Thundra", "user_num": 3054, "timestamp": "1532875388000", "message": "Amaya had been curiously looking into a shop, watching the old women weave the garments she had been offered so many times. Their skillful rhythmic hands had been enough to distract her for quite some time. Though the rumbling of the ground below her feet was enough to pull her away and force her to look towards the oncoming threat. Amaya shock was plain on her face as she saw the hoard suddenly charging toward the village that had been so kind as to accommodate her. She did take a moment to observe the reaction of the village to make sure her hunch was correct that these were the bad humans that she knew unfortunately ran rampant as the alarm was raised through the city and women began running out to pull their children back to their homes, a frenzy rising as men readied themselves for what would likely be the fight of their lives. Amaya's relaxed and easy going face hardened then. She turned to Seo as she unfurled her powerful wings and pulled her sword from her back. \"Seo, I will handle this. Get every man, woman, and child away from the border of the village and do not have them come out from their homes until you hear my call.\" She said simply, an aura of power beginning to radiate off of her as dark storm clouds began to swirl above their heads.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Amaya had been curiously looking into a shop, watching the old women weave the garments she had been offered so many times. Their skillful rhythmic hands had been enough to distract her for quite some time. Though the rumbling of the ground below her feet was enough to pull her away and force her to look towards the oncoming threat. Amaya shock was plain on her face as she saw the hoard suddenly charging toward the village that had been so kind as to accommodate her. "}, "post-84216": {"user": null, "user_num": null, "timestamp": "1532879242000", "message": "Indeed, the commoners were scrambling to retreat into their homes - save for the fathers and sons that were arming themselves with whatever they could find in tools and weapons to run out and meet the enemy head on. A loud bell rang out across the town, alerting the military in the streets and barracks to the danger.Seo did not reach out to touch her, as to avoid being rude, but he stepped directly in front of her and looked up to her with only the slightest of alarm. \"Amaya-san, I cannot stop the people. This is not the first assault on Napo, and everyone must fight to keep the damage and casualties to a minimum. The Grandmaster and his most trained and skilled are already mobilizing, I can promise you, and that bell will have-\"He did not have to explain that further as the streets suddenly were rumbling with numbers pouring out from the heart of the town - spearmen and samurai on foot, and a few handfuls on horseback, as well as several archers, were making their way for the fields and farm that the Fusei were threatening to trample.The young monk looked up to her again after stepping out of the way of a group that rushed past, seeming almost apologetic. \"This is a Dongshu affair - please move inside out of harm's way.\" With that, he turned to chase after the forces heading for the fray.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Indeed, the commoners were scrambling to retreat into their homes - save for the fathers and sons that were arming themselves with whatever they could find in tools and weapons to run out and meet the enemy head on. A loud bell rang out across the town, alerting the military in the streets and barracks to the danger."}, "post-84222": {"user": "Amaya Thundra", "user_num": 3054, "timestamp": "1532892619000", "message": "Amaya blinked at that in shock, not having expected that reaction from the young monk. She was very much used to people sending her on ahead once she volunteered for an attack. To be told to hide while the men fought. Amaya's grip tightened on her sword and she grit her teeth. Perhaps it would be better for her to stay out of it. This wasn't her battle, not even was it her country. But the people of the village had been kind and as tolerant as they could be for a being such as herself. With hardly a second thought, she began running with the group of warriors, only to fully extend her wings and with a grand gust of air, she took flight, shooting up like an arrow. High above the storm still built and rumbled over head. Powerful waves of thunder shook the earth below as Amaya flew straight into the building storm clouds. A crack of lightning, flared up across the country side as she disappeared within the swirling darkness. The storm moved and gathered power over the invading forces, crackling ominously as the sky darkened over the enemy almost like it was night. ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Amaya blinked at that in shock, not having expected that reaction from the young monk. She was very much used to people sending her on ahead once she volunteered for an attack. To be told to hide while the men fought. Amaya's grip tightened on her sword and she grit her teeth. "}, "post-84233": {"user": null, "user_num": null, "timestamp": "1532932095000", "message": "The skies were turning dark exceptionally quickly, but this hardly deterred the forces that were running in. They crashed into the oncoming forces of Haitaka's military with reckless abandon and no intention of letting anyone that crossed their paths live. There was the roar of battle, only drowned out by the occasional crack and rumble of the storm overhead. Men bellowed and swung their weapons at those of the other collar banner - red and white tigers locked in battle. The occasional scream of the wounded or slaughtered could hardly be heard over the entire mess.But they were going to get into the village. Their numbers were superior, and pushing past the occupied forces would be short work.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "The skies were turning dark exceptionally quickly, but this hardly deterred the forces that were running in. They crashed into the oncoming forces of Haitaka's military with reckless abandon and no intention of letting anyone that crossed their paths live. There was the roar of battle, only drowned out by the occasional crack and rumble of the storm overhead. Men bellowed and swung their weapons at those of the other collar banner - red and white tigers locked in battle. The occasional scream of the wounded or slaughtered could hardly be heard over the entire mess."}, "post-84236": {"user": "Amaya Thundra", "user_num": 3054, "timestamp": "1532949825000", "message": "The storm only got worse the longer the battle pushed on as the occupied forces were gradually pushed back to the village. When there was a clear line of separation between the warriors though was when finally, Amaya was ready to strike.Quite literally to boot.Before the humans below could even process what the white flash of light was, hoards of oncoming foes were struck down. Bolts of lightning rained down furiously amidst the Fusei, striking men, horses and carriages alike. The winds picks up to a terrifying degree forcing men back, whipping the flaming carriages into an uncontrolled blaze. It was literally hell on earth. And yet, not even a raindrop fell on all of Napo village. A kite hardly twitched in the air. There was a strong wind buffer between the village and the fields that no man could cross. And amidst the chaos and bolts of lightning,the most deadly threat hurtled down to the earth, sword drawn and electricity sparking off the blade, and encompassing her entire body. Amaya struck the earth with a crack louder than thunder, the ground cratering at her feet.With eyes wholly golden, wings out spread and sword aloft she looked like an terrifying avenging angel. She spoke just one word but it rang and rumbled across the field as clear as day, like thunder disrupting a summer day.\u201cLeave.\u201d", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "The storm only got worse the longer the battle pushed on as the occupied forces were gradually pushed back to the village. When there was a clear line of separation between the warriors though was when finally, Amaya was ready to strike."}, "post-84285": {"user": null, "user_num": null, "timestamp": "1533311385000", "message": "The storm was of little consequence - until the lightning began to explore beyond the clouds. Suddenly there were several scorched marks on the earth, and completely fried bodies of former Fusei forever posed on the blackened ground. The winds became impossible to battle, and they were being cut down as with more fervor as the Shogun's forces seemed to fly in the wake of the winds. It seemed a devilish force was pushing these bastards forward to hold them back.And then the winged oni crashed down from the skies, smashing down to the earth with such force that an evil chill ran across the fields to freeze every fighter in their place. The command, reaching farther than a great dragon's roar, sent the Fusei forces running and yelling in complete retreat.This had been... FAR from a typical raid. Things had changed. They had to report.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "The storm was of little consequence - until the lightning began to explore beyond the clouds. Suddenly there were several scorched marks on the earth, and completely fried bodies of former Fusei forever posed on the blackened ground. The winds became impossible to battle, and they were being cut down as with more fervor as the Shogun's forces seemed to fly in the wake of the winds. It seemed a devilish force was pushing these bastards forward to hold them back."}, "post-84286": {"user": null, "user_num": null, "timestamp": "1533312177000", "message": "The sudden display of the visitor's control of nature into such a horrifying show, and when the last of the most immediate danger was dealt with did the soldiers and swordsmen back up - more so with a wider berth for their guest that had descended from the heavens yet again but only in a very vicious and violent arrival. All fears had been instantaneously renewed, despite the fact Amaya had proven to be a friend. What kind of creature could do such things but a very prestigious yokai or powerful oni - or, maybe... a kami god...?", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "The sudden display of the visitor's control of nature into such a horrifying show, and when the last of the most immediate danger was dealt with did the soldiers and swordsmen back up - more so with a wider berth for their guest that had descended from the heavens yet again but only in a very vicious and violent arrival. All fears had been instantaneously renewed, despite the fact Amaya had proven to be a friend. What kind of creature could do such things but a very prestigious yokai or powerful oni - or, maybe... a kami god...?"}, "post-84294": {"user": "Amaya Thundra", "user_num": 3054, "timestamp": "1533350727000", "message": "Amaya stood fast as she waited until the last of the enemy had fled the scene, disappearing from whence they had come. She took a deep breath slowly, filling her lungs and as she gradually let the breath out, the skies quieted gradually. The winds stopped blowing and the thunder and lightning cleared up. Soon a very light rain washed over the land rinsing the fields of the remnants of small fires that had started. As the storm dissipated, as did the dangerous aura that had enveloped Amaya... and her strength. She took a knee moments after the storm stopped, panting as she caught her second wind. Such a display wasn't easily produced, and her body felt the brunt of it almost immediately. More so she could feel the stares and the wariness hanging heavy on the air, completely directed at her, heavier on her than any amount of exhaustion. She gave another heavy sigh as she focused on gathering enough strength to take flight again.She knew she'd no longer be welcome at the homely little village. \"Do not fear. True to my word...I mean this village no harm. Once I have gathered my strength once more, I will leave you all be.\" She spoke clearly, even though she knew most likely the warriors would not understand her words.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Amaya stood fast as she waited until the last of the enemy had fled the scene, disappearing from whence they had come. She took a deep breath slowly, filling her lungs and as she gradually let the breath out, the skies quieted gradually. The winds stopped blowing and the thunder and lightning cleared up. Soon a very light rain washed over the land rinsing the fields of the remnants of small fires that had started. "}, "post-84378": {"user": null, "user_num": null, "timestamp": "1533750205000", "message": "A hushed quiet fell over the soldiers and commanders alike, save for the occasional whispers that ran through them. What were they to do? Was she actually a god? She had just ran off the Fusei in mere minutes where the battle they had prepared for would have been hours, and with so many more casualties.A few of the monks pressed through the men and stepped forward, including Seo. The young man was staring at her with something of awe and disbelief, before he finally came to her side and knelt low to come to her level. A gentle hand was placed on her shoulder. \"That...\" He went quiet for a few moments as he searched for his words. \"That was... devastating... it looked like the work of angry kami, Amaya-san,\" he murmured softly.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "A hushed quiet fell over the soldiers and commanders alike, save for the occasional whispers that ran through them. What were they to do? Was she actually a god? She had just ran off the Fusei in mere minutes where the battle they had prepared for would have been hours, and with so many more casualties."}, "post-84381": {"user": "Amaya Thundra", "user_num": 3054, "timestamp": "1533763418000", "message": "Amaya gave a tired laugh as she looked over at Seo, a bit of sweat dotting her forehead. She almost looked to be in pain as she spoke. \"Well... I was honestly angry. I'm not familiar with what a Kami is though.\" She murmured as she wiped a hand over her face, taking a moment to center herself. The demonic side of her wanted to further pursue the would be assailants and make sure it was properly drilled into their minds that they should leave the village alone. But the human side of her soul knew that what she had already done was enough. To give into the anger would be a grave mistake.But the unrest was growing. She took a deep breath in and looked over at Seo again, swallowing thickly. \"You are a monk correct? Would you happen to have some blessed water or oils? It's alright if you don't.\" She said resting her forehead in her hand as her temples throbbed.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Amaya gave a tired laugh as she looked over at Seo, a bit of sweat dotting her forehead. She almost looked to be in pain as she spoke. \"Well... I was honestly angry. I'm not familiar with what a Kami is though.\" She murmured as she wiped a hand over her face, taking a moment to center herself. The demonic side of her wanted to further pursue the would be assailants and make sure it was properly drilled into their minds that they should leave the village alone. But the human side of her soul knew that what she had already done was enough. To give into the anger would be a grave mistake."}, "post-84517": {"user": null, "user_num": null, "timestamp": "1534659909000", "message": "Seo could tell she was struggling, though she did not appear injured. But she was winded, and indeed struggling with something. Perhaps she was possessed? Or it was something he didn't understand that was unknown to him - he had to assume that the case, as she was a foreigner after all. He carefully wrapped a comforting arm about her shoulders with palm gripping the farthest one from him in a hugging gesture, murmuring a few quiet words in his own tongue.It was then that the rains became an even trickle, letting the fields become blanketed in a delicate mist. In an almost unanimous gesture, the soldiers and warriors alike came down to their knees and bowed to Amaya - letting silence with a hum of gentle rain take over the village. Several from within the village came cautiously out from their homes with the sudden quiet when they had been prepared for a much longer battle. The guest was now in worship by the Shogun's own men.A single strange word was whispered amongst those present: torakujo.A mother and daughter, the child perhaps almost nine, carefully approached - the parent muttering to Amaya as she rounded before her to meet her eyes - bowing her head low as she carefully handed a lovely silk cloak to her child. The girl mimicked the bow of her head in a quick fashion before scurrying up before the guest and attempting to toss it over the back of their savior.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Seo could tell she was struggling, though she did not appear injured. But she was winded, and indeed struggling with something. Perhaps she was possessed? Or it was something he didn't understand that was unknown to him - he had to assume that the case, as she was a foreigner after all. He carefully wrapped a comforting arm about her shoulders with palm gripping the farthest one from him in a hugging gesture, murmuring a few quiet words in his own tongue."}, "post-84530": {"user": "Amaya Thundra", "user_num": 3054, "timestamp": "1534742781000", "message": "Amaya blinked when she felt Seo's hand slowly close around hers and his arm wrap around her shoulders. She tensed for a brief moment before she slowly relaxed and she felt her demonic side quiet as her human side delighted in even the smallest interaction. She focused on the embrace, her eyes falling shut as she refocused herself. \"Thank you.\" She breathed softly to Seo. A hug was just as good, if not better than cleansing. Certainly less painful.She only came back to herself when she felt silk gently brushing against her wings. Instinctively, her wings folded in close to her at the touch and her eyes opened as she glanced back at the girl who managed to drape the silk over her wings once they were properly tucked. Amaya jumped a bit though as she saw the soldiers and men bowing before her. \"W-What? What's going on? Why are they kneeling?\" She asked Seo in a hush, not wanting to offend anyone.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Amaya blinked when she felt Seo's hand slowly close around hers and his arm wrap around her shoulders. She tensed for a brief moment before she slowly relaxed and she felt her demonic side quiet as her human side delighted in even the smallest interaction. She focused on the embrace, her eyes falling shut as she refocused herself. "}, "post-84531": {"user": null, "user_num": null, "timestamp": "1534743756000", "message": "Seo was quiet as the child settled the offering about the guest's feathery wings. Things had just become all the more complicated, and a quick glance over his shoulder to the ranks that were bowing only confirmed it. He murmured deep thanks on behalf of Amaya to the pair that had cloaked her and carefully tugged her - hoping to get her into standing and moving away from this. They needed to get to the temple, to a quieter setting. Once there they could find her a room for prayer and cleansing, maybe purify whatever it was that was ailing her.\"Come, come,\" he whispered. \"I will explain everything once we get out of the rain, Amaya-san.\"", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Seo was quiet as the child settled the offering about the guest's feathery wings. Things had just become all the more complicated, and a quick glance over his shoulder to the ranks that were bowing only confirmed it. He murmured deep thanks on behalf of Amaya to the pair that had cloaked her and carefully tugged her - hoping to get her into standing and moving away from this. They needed to get to the temple, to a quieter setting. Once there they could find her a room for prayer and cleansing, maybe purify whatever it was that was ailing her."}, "post-84535": {"user": "Amaya Thundra", "user_num": 3054, "timestamp": "1534765493000", "message": "Amaya blinked as she allowed Seo to pull her up into standing, still glancing around in confusion. She could have stopped the gentle rain as it was at that time, but she was already spent and it was doing an effective job at putting out the lef over fires from the lightning storm. \"All... Alright.\" She nodded as she sheathed her blade carefully stepping closer to Seo. She was expecting a reaction closer to abject horror and trying to carefully but firmly tell her to get the hell out of their village. Bowing was certainly a new sensation. She only ever experienced the few times she had met with her father in the under realm. \"Lead the way Seo.\"", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Amaya blinked as she allowed Seo to pull her up into standing, still glancing around in confusion. She could have stopped the gentle rain as it was at that time, but she was already spent and it was doing an effective job at putting out the lef over fires from the lightning storm. "}}