{"post-88765": {"user": "Montag Decker", "user_num": 3095, "timestamp": "1548001748000", "message": "The Apartment home of Montag Decker and Kaelie Juniper. Located on the sixth floor of a rather non-descript tan brick apartment building, it has a good view over the local park across the street from the bedroom window. It's been rather taken over by Juniper as she moved in, with plants seeming to sprout from any available space. It's rather cozy despite its tight spaces however, and serves its purpose of dwelling well. ", "link_list": [], "image_list": ["https://i.imgur.com/vPG7hJf.jpg"], "html": "<div align=\"center\"></div>"}, "post-90498": {"user": "Juniper", "user_num": 3047, "timestamp": "1558738951000", "message": "Kaelie was sat in the nook of the window staring out at the tree that shaded the street below. Since their tipsy confession at the central plaza during Yuletide, she\u2019d moved back to the apartment properly. And against all odds, she and Montag were doing... well. They were learning about each other more. Working with each other. And slowly but surely figuring out their relationship was not only feasible... but far greater for them both than they\u2019d imagined. They were happy.At least... mostly. For the past few days, Kaelie had been rather quiet and closed off, prone to climbing up into a nook or the shade of a tree and thinking silently. Often with an odd bit of parchment in hand. She hadn\u2019t offered any explanation to Montag for her sudden demeanor change but it was ever present. Something was bothering her.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Kaelie was sat in the nook of the window staring out at the tree that shaded the street below. Since their tipsy confession at the central plaza during Yuletide, she\u2019d moved back to the apartment properly. And against all odds, she and Montag were doing... well. They were learning about each other more. Working with each other. And slowly but surely figuring out their relationship was not only feasible... but far greater for them both than they\u2019d imagined. They were happy."}, "post-90521": {"user": "Montag Decker", "user_num": 3095, "timestamp": "1558753397000", "message": "The scribbling and scratching of a metallic nib on parchment was the persistent noise from the corner of the apartment Montag was occupying. He was cupping his forehead along his hand, errant strands of soot black hair falling onto the back, knocked free from his combing after his shower and not putting pomade in. It was the weekend, he didn't see the need to style his hair any, though he was wearing his gold rimmed spectacles as he worked.He was lost in thought as looked down at this particular piece of paper that was frankly making very little sense to him. It was someone else\u2019s after action report that just required his signature, but so many spelling and grammatical errors littered it that he was having difficulty just comprehending it, let alone the poor sap who would have to read it again. He reached into his desk again, and pulled out another blank form, and began transcribing what the reporter was trying to say onto the new sheet.The translation work didn't require too much thought, seeing as he often had to correct this particular captain's writing. If it wasn't that this captain was a good leader and role model, he would be tempted to bust him down a rank and have him retake some common courses. He supposed that was part of the problems of having a head strong Vorutan in leadership, the lack of being flexible and admitting one's own mistakes. He noticed the sullen silence emanating from the nook in the window, unfortunately a silence that had seemed content to stay for the past few days. He had tried to broach the subject to her multiple times, but it seemed all he got was simply more silence. Finally he put down the featherless quill and looked up to her, \"Want something from the bakery?\" If this didn't work, nothing would. ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "The scribbling and scratching of a metallic nib on parchment was the persistent noise from the corner of the apartment Montag was occupying. He was cupping his forehead along his hand, errant strands of soot black hair falling onto the back, knocked free from his combing after his shower and not putting pomade in. It was the weekend, he didn't see the need to style his hair any, though he was wearing his gold rimmed spectacles as he worked."}, "post-90527": {"user": "Juniper", "user_num": 3047, "timestamp": "1558756885000", "message": "Kaelie would usually perk up at the mention of sweets, even when her homesickness was at it's height. Sugar confections usually made it all better. But if anything, it seemed like the mention of the bakery made matters worse. Her face fell more and she hugged her shins closer to her chest, still looking out the window looking despondent. \"...I'm not really hungry... But thank you.\" She said softly, resting her chin on her knees, fidgeting with the piece of parchment again, opening it up  quickly to read it again as if that would help. She folded it again, tucking it into her sleeve, trying to move on from it. But also not being able to get throw it away. She did perk up in a few moments though, once she realized the time of day and the day of the week. . \"Oh... it's my turn for supper isn't it. Sorry, I'll get on it.\" She swung her legs off the sill and slide down to rest on the ground again. The sadness was still in her eyes even as she moved and began thinking about makes.  ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Kaelie would usually perk up at the mention of sweets, even when her homesickness was at it's height. Sugar confections usually made it all better. But if anything, it seemed like the mention of the bakery made matters worse. Her face fell more and she hugged her shins closer to her chest, still looking out the window looking despondent. "}, "post-90533": {"user": "Montag Decker", "user_num": 3095, "timestamp": "1558794246000", "message": "Well apparently was very serious, whatever was bothering her. Even the usual bouts of understandable homesickness did not affect her nearly this bad. He gave her a rather concerned look over as she walked past to go to the kitchen, trying to see if he could see any hints of her being ill. Which would certainly have been an oddity, seeing as she was probably the healthiest creature he ever met, without even the hint of the sniffles during the human flu season.Finally he pushed himself back from the desk and joined her in the kitchen, his grey socked feet padding on the wood floors and carpet of the room. He was wearing his dress down clothes of thick denim pants and a white undershirt, so he wasn't too worried about getting messy if she allowed him to help her cook. He attempted to broach the subject again as gently as he could, \"Did I do something wrong?\"", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Well apparently was very serious, whatever was bothering her. Even the usual bouts of understandable homesickness did not affect her nearly this bad. He gave her a rather concerned look over as she walked past to go to the kitchen, trying to see if he could see any hints of her being ill. Which would certainly have been an oddity, seeing as she was probably the healthiest creature he ever met, without even the hint of the sniffles during the human flu season."}, "post-90561": {"user": "Juniper", "user_num": 3047, "timestamp": "1558848688000", "message": "Kaelie had been busy collecting the ingredients to make a nice summer salad, collecting the vegetables and setting them out on the table only to pause at the question. She blinked a few times before looking at him in confusion. \"Did you- No?\" She answered a moment later looking at him perplexed. \"No, you haven't done anything wrong to my knowledge. Why are you asking?\" She asked looking at him still in confusion. At least the despondent look had faded from her face replaced by utter confusion. ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Kaelie had been busy collecting the ingredients to make a nice summer salad, collecting the vegetables and setting them out on the table only to pause at the question. She blinked a few times before looking at him in confusion. \"Did you- No?\" She answered a moment later looking at him perplexed. \"No, you haven't done anything wrong to my knowledge. Why are you asking?\" She asked looking at him still in confusion. At least the despondent look had faded from her face replaced by utter confusion. "}, "post-90616": {"user": "Montag Decker", "user_num": 3095, "timestamp": "1558991799000", "message": "Montag had been studying her features for any trace or sign that would betray its greater distress, only to come up with next to nothing. He had figured that it was because he had done something that had upset her, like moving her plants from their specifically set up areas for their best possible growth on accident or something along those lines. Such were the pains of apartment living, too little room for everything.Though he did chuckle a little as her sulk broke into confusion, \"Well I just wanted to see if I had or not. So as long as your answering and asking questions, perhaps you can let me read that little note you've been holding onto these past few days?\" As busy as he had been with reports, emergencies, and the day to day life of running a department, he could still notice little things she was attempting to hide. A skill that came in handy if he came home with extra treats meant for only the crew and having a Fae with a particularly strong sweet tooth.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Montag had been studying her features for any trace or sign that would betray its greater distress, only to come up with next to nothing. He had figured that it was because he had done something that had upset her, like moving her plants from their specifically set up areas for their best possible growth on accident or something along those lines. Such were the pains of apartment living, too little room for everything."}, "post-90637": {"user": "Juniper", "user_num": 3047, "timestamp": "1559022181000", "message": "Kaelie pursed her lips at that, giving him a sidelong look. So he had noticed then. She gave a little sigh as she reached into the waistband of the pants she wore pulling out the very worn bit of parchment. It had scarcely left her hands since she'd received it. \"Be my guest.\" She said trying not to let the smirk show on her face. Of course, the letter was in the language of the fae, completely unreadable to humans- that is the humans it wasn't meant for. She continued about her kitchen work, setting to chopping up the greens for the base. Living with a fae, you'd think Montag would learn by now to be more specific. But still he made little mistakes like that. It at least kept her life interesting to play the little mind games with him. ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Kaelie pursed her lips at that, giving him a sidelong look. So he had noticed then. She gave a little sigh as she reached into the waistband of the pants she wore pulling out the very worn bit of parchment. It had scarcely left her hands since she'd received it. \"Be my guest.\" She said trying not to let the smirk show on her face. Of course, the letter was in the language of the fae, completely unreadable to humans- that is the humans it wasn't meant for. She continued about her kitchen work, setting to chopping up the greens for the base. Living with a fae, you'd think Montag would learn by now to be more specific. But still he made little mistakes like that. It at least kept her life interesting to play the little mind games with him. "}, "post-90748": {"user": "Montag Decker", "user_num": 3095, "timestamp": "1559267353000", "message": "Montag started to fix the spectacles on his nose as he grabbed the letter and seeing the characters all out of focus... only to realize he had been had yet again. She managed to do this fairly frequently, taking advantage of him being busy with many things on his mind all the time. Though he didn't begrudge her her little games none, as long as they didn't result in any undue property damage. He handed the letter back to her as he softly pecked her forehead as he asked, \"Thank you for letting me see it, now can I have you read it to me... in common,\" he corrected himself before she could be a smart aleck again.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Montag started to fix the spectacles on his nose as he grabbed the letter and seeing the characters all out of focus... only to realize he had been had yet again. She managed to do this fairly frequently, taking advantage of him being busy with many things on his mind all the time. Though he didn't begrudge her her little games none, as long as they didn't result in any undue property damage. "}, "post-90888": {"user": "Juniper", "user_num": 3047, "timestamp": "1559525969000", "message": "She tried not to smirk as she set down the knife, the tips of her ears turning bright silver as they often did when he expressed emotion in a physical way. Oh if the other saw her now- reacting like this to a mere human, she would've been teased mercilessly. That caused her lips to purse slightly, the smirk falling off her face as she took the note and leaned back against the counter, turning it over in her hands. \"I don't really have to read it. It's not all that interesting a note.\" She said before sighing heavily through her nose. \"...It's an invitation to the Midsommar Festival. I don't even know how Chesknight managed to figure out I hadn't been extinguished by you all. I was kind of hoping for that... It'd be much easier to explain than... all this.\" She muttered under her breath as her bangs drifted to cover her eyes, the edges of the paper getting singed. ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "She tried not to smirk as she set down the knife, the tips of her ears turning bright silver as they often did when he expressed emotion in a physical way. Oh if the other saw her now- reacting like this to a mere human, she would've been teased mercilessly. That caused her lips to purse slightly, the smirk falling off her face as she took the note and leaned back against the counter, turning it over in her hands. \"I don't really have to read it. It's not all that interesting a note.\" She said before sighing heavily through her nose. \"...It's an invitation to the Midsommar Festival. I don't even know how Chesknight managed to figure out I hadn't been extinguished by you all. I was kind of hoping for that... It'd be much easier to explain than... all this.\" She muttered under her breath as her bangs drifted to cover her eyes, the edges of the paper getting singed. "}, "post-90978": {"user": "Montag Decker", "user_num": 3095, "timestamp": "1559682161000", "message": "Montag loved seeing the tips of her pointed ears blush, one of many innumerable qualities he found adorable in her. Which was unfortunately taken away from an all too brief smirk that disappeared into a frown. Though his own faint smile was taken by the cocking of his brow, \"Who is this 'Chesknight'? And what is Midsommar?\" He knew she had said it was a festival, but he wasn't sure if Fae parties operated much like human ones or had their own uniqueness. ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Montag loved seeing the tips of her pointed ears blush, one of many innumerable qualities he found adorable in her. Which was unfortunately taken away from an all too brief smirk that disappeared into a frown. Though his own faint smile was taken by the cocking of his brow, \"Who is this 'Chesknight'? And what is Midsommar?\" He knew she had said it was a festival, but he wasn't sure if Fae parties operated much like human ones or had their own uniqueness. "}, "post-91024": {"user": "Juniper", "user_num": 3047, "timestamp": "1559793606000", "message": "Kaelie continued to fidget with the note, flicking the corner of the now burnt parchment and scattering some ashes. \"...Chesknight is an acquaintance of mine... from before all this all happened. He is the host of the Midsommar festival.\" She set aside the parchment with a soft sigh going back to cutting the vegetables. \"The festival is the time when Chesknight or the host calls all to the meeting grounds in the wood. Fae from all around come together and make merry with drinks and dance and song.... The blossoms are in bloom and all are in good spirits. Vendettas set aside and unbridled enjoyment of life is the focus.\" She scraped the carrots over to the side, working on the potatoes now. \"It is... kind of a reunion of the nature spirits...I've been going for quite some time... this is the first year... I have to miss it.\" She said as her knife slid through the starch and she brushed it aside, her hand going back up to the collar still around her neck. ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Kaelie continued to fidget with the note, flicking the corner of the now burnt parchment and scattering some ashes. \"...Chesknight is an acquaintance of mine... from before all this all happened. He is the host of the Midsommar festival.\" She set aside the parchment with a soft sigh going back to cutting the vegetables. \"The festival is the time when Chesknight or the host calls all to the meeting grounds in the wood. Fae from all around come together and make merry with drinks and dance and song.... The blossoms are in bloom and all are in good spirits. Vendettas set aside and unbridled enjoyment of life is the focus.\" She scraped the carrots over to the side, working on the potatoes now. \"It is... kind of a reunion of the nature spirits...I've been going for quite some time... this is the first year... I have to miss it.\" She said as her knife slid through the starch and she brushed it aside, her hand going back up to the collar still around her neck. "}, "post-91052": {"user": "Montag Decker", "user_num": 3095, "timestamp": "1559879549000", "message": "Montag watched her hands work as she explained her relationship to this Knight and the festival. It seemed like an innocent enough time, and goodness knows that they could use a break of some sort from the city. Even he felt like he was going mad being pent up all winter and being run ragged in the spring. \"It sounds like a good time all around.\"He looked up to her face, his eyebrow cocked, \"And who said you have to miss it? If they allow humans to tag along, I would be more than happy to go with you.\"", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Montag watched her hands work as she explained her relationship to this Knight and the festival. It seemed like an innocent enough time, and goodness knows that they could use a break of some sort from the city. Even he felt like he was going mad being pent up all winter and being run ragged in the spring. \"It sounds like a good time all around.\""}, "post-91077": {"user": "Juniper", "user_num": 3047, "timestamp": "1559970092000", "message": "Kaelie's eyes widened at that, looking back at him for a second in surprise before her face fell automatically and she quickly shook her head. \"I can't go. Not like this. What would my sisters say if they saw me like this?\" She paused as her hand went reflexively to the collar that still sat around her neck. She'd finally become somewhat accustomed to the weight and pressure around her neck and essence. At least she'd stopped scratching at her neck and the scars were healed. She continued after a moment shaking herself as she continued chopping. \"Especially if I- Oberon forbid- brought you along. They wouldn't... understand. They'd think I'd become a human's... pet.\" She muttered as the knife slowly cut through the potato. That was always... A sobering line thought. This person that she had become among the humans... It was near unrecognizable to the wild spirit she'd been. She'd been... domesticated in a lot of ways. And it was hard to deal with that truth. \"It's nice of you to offer but...I'm not ready to let them see me like this yet.\"", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Kaelie's eyes widened at that, looking back at him for a second in surprise before her face fell automatically and she quickly shook her head. \"I can't go. Not like this. What would my sisters say if they saw me like this?\" She paused as her hand went reflexively to the collar that still sat around her neck. She'd finally become somewhat accustomed to the weight and pressure around her neck and essence. At least she'd stopped scratching at her neck and the scars were healed. She continued after a moment shaking herself as she continued chopping. \"Especially if I- Oberon forbid- brought you along. They wouldn't... understand. They'd think I'd become a human's... pet.\" She muttered as the knife slowly cut through the potato. That was always... A sobering line thought. This person that she had become among the humans... It was near unrecognizable to the wild spirit she'd been. She'd been... domesticated in a lot of ways. And it was hard to deal with that truth. "}, "post-91082": {"user": "Montag Decker", "user_num": 3095, "timestamp": "1560020486000", "message": "Montag took off his 'cheaters' and set them on the counter top as Juniper explained her predicament. There was very little point to contradict the points she had brought up, as they both knew they were completely the truth. Montag had to hide a wry grin as he remembered trying to even get her fitted for the choker at the Enclave and the fight that had ensued there. Thinking back to those hectic first few days they had been bound together, he began to remember something. He reached down to the ring on his finger and idly slipped it off, the first time he had done so. Perhaps if it wasn't attached to his personage and essence, the collar would be able to be removed as well. He set it down gently on the counter, before reaching up to Kaelie's neck to undo the little clasp on the back. \"If it begins to sting, let me know,\" he said calmly, his deep tone soft as he attempted to undo the little lock with his fingers. He knew that if this got out to anyone else, what he was trying to do here, then there would be hell to pay. But he trusted her discretion, the times they had shared each other's essences. They were more bound now than when it was just a collar and ring. ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Montag took off his 'cheaters' and set them on the counter top as Juniper explained her predicament. There was very little point to contradict the points she had brought up, as they both knew they were completely the truth. Montag had to hide a wry grin as he remembered trying to even get her fitted for the choker at the Enclave and the fight that had ensued there. "}, "post-91111": {"user": "Juniper", "user_num": 3047, "timestamp": "1560116271000", "message": "Kaelie's eyes drifted from the kitchen  task she was doing when she saw his glasses suddenly set on the countertop. Her brow furrowed slightly her head tilting and just as she was about to ask what he was doing, he placed down the next item. It was sudden and unexpected- the sudden feeling of lightness on her. She'd forgotten in the months what it felt like not to have the curse of her words enforced by him. Even if he rarely exerted the pressure, she had always felt it latently. He had no idea of what she was truly capable of, so even the seemingly very generous freedom he gave her was slightly suffocating. But she'd gotten used to it. It was a bit like he'd removed a booted foot off of her diaphragm leaving just a a normal slippered foot. She stared at the ring still in shock before she began to turn again to him to ask properly- what the hell he was doing when she felt his hands at the back of her neck. Her eyes widened as his hands went for the highly sensitive spot on the nape of her neck and she reflexively slapped her hand over it and whipped around to stare at him, grabbing his wrist. \"What do you think you're doing?\" She asked her voice kept to a low hiss. \"Are you insane?\"", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Kaelie's eyes drifted from the kitchen  task she was doing when she saw his glasses suddenly set on the countertop. Her brow furrowed slightly her head tilting and just as she was about to ask what he was doing, he placed down the next item. It was sudden and unexpected- the sudden feeling of lightness on her. She'd forgotten in the months what it felt like not to have the curse of her words enforced by him. Even if he rarely exerted the pressure, she had always felt it latently. He had no idea of what she was truly capable of, so even the seemingly very generous freedom he gave her was slightly suffocating. But she'd gotten used to it. "}, "post-91118": {"user": "Montag Decker", "user_num": 3095, "timestamp": "1560134707000", "message": "Montag nearly leapt back into the stove as she turned on him. He expected quite a few reactions, but certainly not her apparently being angry with him removing the thing she used to protest so much. He held up his hands defensively, trying to explain himself as he took a step back, \"Easy there Juni. I was just trying to see if we could get the choker off. I removed the ring so as to make sure the circuit was already broken so the Enclave wouldn't think you were attempting to tamper with the collar.\"He paused a few moment, trying to think about how to explain himself further. He slowly set his hands, his tone as gentle as he could muster as he leaned against the stove, \"I know I don't know much about Fae and their happenings, but I thought that perhaps if that wasn't around your neck then perhaps we could go to see your friends and family. You deserve some time spent with your friends and family, and I could never possibly arrange a gathering in the city. And yes, I am quite possibly insane.\"", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Montag nearly leapt back into the stove as she turned on him. He expected quite a few reactions, but certainly not her apparently being angry with him removing the thing she used to protest so much. He held up his hands defensively, trying to explain himself as he took a step back, \"Easy there Juni. I was just trying to see if we could get the choker off. I removed the ring so as to make sure the circuit was already broken so the Enclave wouldn't think you were attempting to tamper with the collar.\""}, "post-91134": {"user": "Juniper", "user_num": 3047, "timestamp": "1560170738000", "message": "Kaelie blinked at him slowly, releasing his wrist as he backed away but she kept her hand over the lock securing her collar. The look on her face was almost indecipherable just as her actions were. Yes, when the collar had been forced on her, she had protested it greatly. It had felt.... wrong in some many ways. But as time went on... She slowly had become accustomed to it. Especially as she realized that it was something that bound her together with her moronic fire fighter. Yes there was a pressure on her and a weight, but it also kept her far more tethered to this plane than she ever had been. With him. Her lips pursed as she looked at him, before biting her lip. \"You... want to let me go back...\" She asked slowly trying to piece it out in her mind. \"Don't you realize you are going to be breaking your own agreement with the city? You could get in a lot of trouble doing this without their permission... Aren't you afraid of what I'll do if I'm released?\"", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Kaelie blinked at him slowly, releasing his wrist as he backed away but she kept her hand over the lock securing her collar. The look on her face was almost indecipherable just as her actions were. Yes, when the collar had been forced on her, she had protested it greatly. It had felt.... wrong in some many ways. But as time went on... She slowly had become accustomed to it. Especially as she realized that it was something that bound her together with her moronic fire fighter. Yes there was a pressure on her and a weight, but it also kept her far more tethered to this plane than she ever had been. With him. "}, "post-91216": {"user": "Montag Decker", "user_num": 3095, "timestamp": "1560313938000", "message": "Kaelie proposed quite a slew of good questions, ones that Montag should have probably weighed a bit more carefully before acting. But as such he knew he was already going to try and follow through, and if they got caught... well Kaelie couldn\u2019t lie, and all blame would rightfully fall on him. Montag let the silence sit heavily for a minute as he pondered out a measured response, and took her free hand in his, \u201cI want you to be able to see your family, yes, and I want your family to know that you are still alive. They deserve to have that question answered for them, and for them to know that hopefully you are in good hands. And if the government finds out about us going, I\u2019ll deal with it then.\u201d He took her hand to his chest, letting it rest above his heart as it beat its cadence against her soft hand, opening up his essence for her to search as he spoke softly, \u201cDo you feel dread darling, Any sign of fear? Any sign that I don\u2019t trust you. The bond we have built for so many months now is stronger than anything that has shackled us before. I only want to see you happy, and have your best intentions at heart.\u201d", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Kaelie proposed quite a slew of good questions, ones that Montag should have probably weighed a bit more carefully before acting. But as such he knew he was already going to try and follow through, and if they got caught... well Kaelie couldn\u2019t lie, and all blame would rightfully fall on him. "}, "post-91342": {"user": "Juniper", "user_num": 3047, "timestamp": "1560715379000", "message": "Juniper anxiety quieted as he felt the regular cadence of Montag's heart, combined with his energy flowing into her surrounding her. The tension left her shoulders as she slowly felt through his intentions and emotions. True to his word, all she sensed was a desire for her to be happy and trusting her. She looked up at him a moment later, her face full of emotion. Titania give her strength- this human had her throughly enthralled. Her fingers slowly caressed his chest under her fingers looking up at him still. \"I am happy here. With you.\" She started, surprised to find that it was in fact the truth. She had become happy, despite her situation. The life was not perfect by any means, but being with her firefighter made it tolerable. \"Do I miss my old life? Every day. Do I miss my sisters and my home? Of course. But I am not willing to have you put into jeopardy your life here. You have no idea what they will do if they find out. They'll think that I've enchanted you and separate us. Wouldn't you?\" She offered as she cupped his cheek lightly. \"I'm starting to think I may have without meaning to.\" She said on a half sigh, a small laugh interrupting her as she looked at him.\"There will be a time when I can go back. My sisters will not go anywhere, we are immortal beings. 10 years passes faster than you would think for us. They can wait. Your life here, cannot.... Do you understand?\" She offered still rubbing his cheekbone lightly with her thumb. ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Juniper anxiety quieted as he felt the regular cadence of Montag's heart, combined with his energy flowing into her surrounding her. The tension left her shoulders as she slowly felt through his intentions and emotions. True to his word, all she sensed was a desire for her to be happy and trusting her. She looked up at him a moment later, her face full of emotion. Titania give her strength- this human had her throughly enthralled. "}, "post-91539": {"user": "Montag Decker", "user_num": 3095, "timestamp": "1561081778000", "message": "Montag smiled softly as her pressed hand against her chest began to caress him, his going to rest over her's as she explained her reasoning. Which was pretty much unarguable. Besides, it was not like he could force her to go to Midsomar against her will. He couldn't even begin to know where it was, let alone how to get there since he was a human. He leaned into her hand on his cheek, his hand going to rest on her's as his other went around her back, wrapping them together as he pulled her in close, \"I understand completely, and I would want to do nothing to be separated from you darling. And I would rather be enchanted by no one but you.\" He softly pecked her lips, before fully committing to a long, deep kiss. He pulled back after a long moment, slightly winded, \"I think I can say the same for you Little Miss.\"", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Montag smiled softly as her pressed hand against her chest began to caress him, his going to rest over her's as she explained her reasoning. Which was pretty much unarguable. Besides, it was not like he could force her to go to Midsomar against her will. He couldn't even begin to know where it was, let alone how to get there since he was a human. "}, "post-92081": {"user": "Juniper", "user_num": 3047, "timestamp": "1562169197000", "message": "Juniper's cheeks had flushed green by the time Montag had parted from her, eyes slowly opening, to half mast. Her heart pulsed as she looked up at him in adoration before she sighed and nestled her head into his chest, arms wrapping around his waist. \"You know you can, you big oaf.\" She said though there was no real malice in her voice, just light teasing. She held onto him for a while longer before her ams grew tighter. \"You're taking the rest of the day and tomorrow off though. I want you to myself.\"", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Juniper's cheeks had flushed green by the time Montag had parted from her, eyes slowly opening, to half mast. Her heart pulsed as she looked up at him in adoration before she sighed and nestled her head into his chest, arms wrapping around his waist. \"You know you can, you big oaf.\" She said though there was no real malice in her voice, just light teasing. She held onto him for a while longer before her ams grew tighter. "}, "post-92139": {"user": "Montag Decker", "user_num": 3095, "timestamp": "1562284097000", "message": "He smiled deeply, just overcome with so much affection for the Fae in his arms. It was impossible, in his mind at least, to ever get tired of the scent of juniper, the warmth that came as she held him close in a grip that would give vices a run for their money, their essences mingling as her head nestled into his chest. But perhaps most wondrous of all was that he knew she felt the same way, and could see it every time as she looked at him. He kissed the crown of her head, his hand that was holding her hand on his cheek coming down to stroke her long, pouring locks gently, \u201cAs you wish,\u201d there was a moment as he chuckled deeply before joking in a deep rumble, \u201cThough I don\u2019t know what you\u2019ll do with me.\u201d", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "He smiled deeply, just overcome with so much affection for the Fae in his arms. It was impossible, in his mind at least, to ever get tired of the scent of juniper, the warmth that came as she held him close in a grip that would give vices a run for their money, their essences mingling as her head nestled into his chest. But perhaps most wondrous of all was that he knew she felt the same way, and could see it every time as she looked at him. "}, "post-92159": {"user": "Juniper", "user_num": 3047, "timestamp": "1562362400000", "message": "\"Oh I have something in mind.\" She mused looking up at him in amusement, her hands going to find his belt loops. \"You're not going back to work well rested, I'll tell you that.\" She said with a coy look dancing in her blue green eyes. She unfortunately only held his eyes for a moment though as her nose twitched, picking up on a scent she'd been overlooking for the past few moments. She blinked and turned to see that the invitation to the Midsommar had actually caught fire from her fidgeting with it so much and singeing the edges. The fire wasn't anything large, but it was quite greedily consuming the vegetables that was meant to be part of their dinner. \"...Ohhh.\" She started simply, grimacing at the counter.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "\"Oh I have something in mind.\" She mused looking up at him in amusement, her hands going to find his belt loops. \"You're not going back to work well rested, I'll tell you that.\" She said with a coy look dancing in her blue green eyes. She unfortunately only held his eyes for a moment though as her nose twitched, picking up on a scent she'd been overlooking for the past few moments. She blinked and turned to see that the invitation to the Midsommar had actually caught fire from her fidgeting with it so much and singeing the edges. The fire wasn't anything large, but it was quite greedily consuming the vegetables that was meant to be part of their dinner. "}, "post-92189": {"user": "Montag Decker", "user_num": 3095, "timestamp": "1562476150000", "message": "Montag returned the coy look with a small devilish grin, his grey eyes twinkling as he answered with her hands in his belt loops, \"Oh? Well I guess that I'll need to keep any form of insubordination within the ranks in check, trying to make the Chief look like a tired mess.\"Though he did follow her look to the... well, crisp... vegetables. He could at least make the excuse he had been focused on her, and the scent of juniper seemed to clog his sinuses. He removed his hand from stroking her hair and pulled out his wand from the pocket. \"Fiat Vitae,\" he commanded as he pointed the wand at the burning vegetables and parchment, a small ward surrounding them to prevent further spread and damage to the counter. He guided the ward to the sink with the tip of his wand, setting them down with a flick of his wrist. A quick jerk of his wrist set the handle on the sink to pumping out the flames, before he turned back to Juniper, \"So, where do you want to eat at tonight?\"", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Montag returned the coy look with a small devilish grin, his grey eyes twinkling as he answered with her hands in his belt loops, \"Oh? Well I guess that I'll need to keep any form of insubordination within the ranks in check, trying to make the Chief look like a tired mess.\""}, "post-92199": {"user": "Juniper", "user_num": 3047, "timestamp": "1562532044000", "message": "She tried not to laugh as he put out the ashes of what was supposed to be supper and she just tucked her head back into his chest. She let out a contented sigh as she gave a small shrug. \"So long as I'm with you I don't care. And they don't just serve.. meat. And there's dessert!\" She said peeking up at him with a happy playful smile. She knew she was spoiled by her firefighter-throughly as the other people on the team liked to whisper when they thought she wasn't paying attention. But she didn't care. Mostly because she made sure to spoil him just as much in other ways. ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "She tried not to laugh as he put out the ashes of what was supposed to be supper and she just tucked her head back into his chest. She let out a contented sigh as she gave a small shrug. \"So long as I'm with you I don't care. And they don't just serve.. meat. And there's dessert!\" She said peeking up at him with a happy playful smile. She knew she was spoiled by her firefighter-throughly as the other people on the team liked to whisper when they thought she wasn't paying attention. But she didn't care. Mostly because she made sure to spoil him just as much in other ways. "}, "post-92271": {"user": "Montag Decker", "user_num": 3095, "timestamp": "1562648352000", "message": "\"Well I guess that leaves the inn,\" Montag replied, a warm smile meeting her playful one. There was a reason why they often went down to their local pub, and it wasn't because they were rampant alcoholics. More that it carried something for the pair of them, salads for her, meat for him, and sweets to top it all off. And of course it did not hurt that the brew on tap was Montag's favorite.\"I also suppose we also ought to change before heading out, though it may be a bit difficult while I'm being held so tightly,\" he hinted softly at Juniper. ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "\"Well I guess that leaves the inn,\" Montag replied, a warm smile meeting her playful one. There was a reason why they often went down to their local pub, and it wasn't because they were rampant alcoholics. More that it carried something for the pair of them, salads for her, meat for him, and sweets to top it all off. And of course it did not hurt that the brew on tap was Montag's favorite."}, "post-92410": {"user": "Juniper", "user_num": 3047, "timestamp": "1562881765000", "message": "Juniper pouted up at him, clearly not wanting to let him go... but she was a bit peckish. So after she hugged him as tight as she could, burying her face into his chest- sweetly nuzzling into him she let him go slowly. \"If I have\u00a0to.\" She said with a soft sigh before she stepped back and the glint of the ring caught her eye.Reflexively, she reached out and took it, reaching to take Montag's hand and sliding it onto his ring finger where it belonged, sighing softly feeling that other connection reestablish itself. The unnatural pressure was back, but it was almost... welcomed. It kept her grounded and bound with him. As she wanted it to be. Not that she'd tell him that.\"I don't have to dress up all stuffy right?\" She asked, not even addressing the fact that she slid the ring back on his finger as she walked off to their shared room to find something to wear.\u00a0", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Juniper pouted up at him, clearly not wanting to let him go... but she was a bit peckish. So after she hugged him as tight as she could, burying her face into his chest- sweetly nuzzling into him she let him go slowly. \"If I "}, "post-92417": {"user": "Montag Decker", "user_num": 3095, "timestamp": "1562894175000", "message": "Montag's smile turned a little mischievous as she hugged him tight, \"Don't be squeezing all my organs out,\" he gasped. She was surprisingly strong given her size, perhaps from being a Fae. Perhaps there was something in their diet that made them such.Though the smile faded into confusion as she slipped the ring onto his finger. What was she doing? He could only imagine how it made her feel, an invisible hand always squeezing around her diaphragm, even if it wasn't exerting pressure it still intruded where it wasn't needed. He trusted her, he knew that she didn't need it. Was she trying to keep up appearances? It wasn't like anyone would truly notice the ring missing from his right ring finger. But maybe it was more than that. She had mentioned that it was what connected them together, though they both knew they had a different bond as well from all the times they mingled their essences. Even from that first night, when he fell into her dreams. Which was something he still hadn't broached, still not finding a right time for it. Maybe she had a point, even if she hadn't raised it. So far they had been tied together somewhat forcibly, like two horses harnessed to the firewagon. If he could slip it off just as easily as he pulled the ring off his finger and she was forever bound by her choker... well, that was no way to establish an equal household. He thought of her as his equal, respected her wishes, never went behind her back, but he held all the power. He would change that. If they wanted this love to last, it needed to change.He answered her as he followed behind, \"I don't think so, but I would recommend at least covering yourself at least somewhat respectfully. Don't want to give anyone any ideas but me,\" he smirked with the last part, joining her by her side and giving a soft peck to her cheek.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Montag's smile turned a little mischievous as she hugged him tight, \"Don't be squeezing all my organs out,\" he gasped. She was surprisingly strong given her size, perhaps from being a Fae. Perhaps there was something in their diet that made them such."}, "post-92497": {"user": "Juniper", "user_num": 3047, "timestamp": "1563238537000", "message": "Juniper smiled, beaming at his soft kiss on her cheek, returning it with one of her own. \"I really doubt many of them would give me more than a passing look, Mister Fire Chief. I'm the terrifying pyromania fae remember? I think you are the only one in this human hub that sees me as something other than that.\" She mused as she slipped into their closet, going to the much smaller corner of the closet that was hers. Clothing- especially that crafted by human hands- still was not her favorite. So she tried to keep the amount of clothes she kept to a minimum.  And said clothing was typically erring more on the side of thin and wispy. She had thicker clothes that she could be coerced into with many promises of sweets and a good amount of pleading. But this occasion didn't seem the type she needed to dress up for. She moved immediately to the lighter fare and skimmed her hand along until she picked out a... dress if one could call it that. If Montag remembered it was a dress that draped over her, covering... the bare essentials but leaving much skin on display. With every step pretty much her entire leg and hip was on display.\u00a0\"Does this work?\" She asked him, turning back over to him, the fabric draped over her arm.", "link_list": ["https://i.imgur.com/KqbGiRF.jpg"], "image_list": [], "html": "Juniper smiled, beaming at his soft kiss on her cheek, returning it with one of her own. \"I really doubt many of them would give me more than a passing look, Mister Fire Chief. I'm the terrifying pyromania fae remember? I think you are the only one in this human hub that sees me as something other than that.\" She mused as she slipped into their closet, going to the much smaller corner of the closet that was hers. "}, "post-92543": {"user": "Montag Decker", "user_num": 3095, "timestamp": "1563422673000", "message": "Montag barely noted her statement, the gears in his head turning at a pace that put the pegasuses to shame as they flew towards the flames. Perhaps a diversion on the way to supper? And perhaps not the inn, but somewhere more... exclusive. He wasn't envying putting on a suit, seeing as the summer heat did not play nice with too many layers, but if he was to be admitted where he was planning on taking them it would be necessary. He was pulling off his pants as he saw Juniper walk out of the closet, giving her a little look and the glorified shift in her hand, \"Not quite darling. Perhaps something not so revealing, but it doesn't need to be too heavy.\" Folding the pants and setting them on the dresser, he descended into the closet himself, going through his suits until he came up with something he felt appropriate. Stepping out to show Juni in the light, he revealed a three piece shirt of a red vest, grey pants and coat, \"What do you think dear?\"", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Montag barely noted her statement, the gears in his head turning at a pace that put the pegasuses to shame as they flew towards the flames. Perhaps a diversion on the way to supper? And perhaps not the inn, but somewhere more... exclusive. He wasn't envying putting on a suit, seeing as the summer heat did not play nice with too many layers, but if he was to be admitted where he was planning on taking them it would be necessary. "}, "post-92602": {"user": "Juniper", "user_num": 3047, "timestamp": "1563770223000", "message": "Juniper pouted when Montag said no to her first choice though she had a feeling that he might. He usually said no to that one if they would be out in a decently populated place because one stray wind gust- she's getting apprehended for a very different kind of offense. She started sifting through her pile of clothes yet again looking for something that would be 'appropriate'. Finally she came to a dress that dropped down to just around her knees, with huge bell sleeves. There was not much shape to the outfit which was something she appreciated and it complimented the collar around her throat rather well. As she was just dusting it off to show him, she turned at his question and her cheeks turned a soft chlorophyll color.\"It looks... very nice.\" She gave a soft purr at that watching him happily. \"I approve.\" She said as she continued to look him over hungrily. \"How is this then?\" She asked as she held up the dress for him to see. \"Passable?\"", "link_list": ["https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/455799348660535316/602716342054813696/IMG_6248.jpg"], "image_list": [], "html": "Juniper pouted when Montag said no to her first choice though she had a feeling that he might. He usually said no to that one if they would be out in a decently populated place because one stray wind gust- she's getting apprehended for a very different kind of offense. She started sifting through her pile of clothes yet again looking for something that would be 'appropriate'. Finally she came to a "}, "post-92658": {"user": "Montag Decker", "user_num": 3095, "timestamp": "1563986886000", "message": "Montag has a small grin on his face as he saw Juniper\u2019s hunger. \u201cCareful now little miss, you look like you might be throwing me in the oven instead of just eating your greens,\u201d he jested, his voice growing a little deeper to humor her. He set down the clothes on the bed as he studied what she produced from the closet. The feeling was more than mutual he thought. He loved her in that dress, being free to dance and frolic with glee.\u201cIt\u2019s more than passable darling,\u201d he confirmed, reaching down to the suit he set on the bed and pulling on his dress shirt. As he slipped one arm in and the next he walked over to Juniper and gave her a soft kiss where the chlorophyll was most prevalent, \u201cDid we ever figure out your ring size? Or have I been negligent in that?\u201d ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Montag has a small grin on his face as he saw Juniper\u2019s hunger. \u201cCareful now little miss, you look like you might be throwing me in the oven instead of just eating your greens,\u201d he jested, his voice growing a little deeper to humor her. He set down the clothes on the bed as he studied what she produced from the closet. The feeling was more than mutual he thought. He loved her in that dress, being free to dance and frolic with glee."}, "post-92686": {"user": "Juniper", "user_num": 3047, "timestamp": "1564091889000", "message": "Juniper let out a soft sing-song 'Don't tempt me~' at his comment of devouring him. She just might and then he really wouldn't get dinner that evening. She gave a soft sigh of relief when he approved her second choice of clothing and started stripping out of her home clothes to put the breezy dress on. Sometimes they could go back and forth for hours trying to find something that she wanted to wear and that Montag deemed 'appropriate' for the occasion. At Montag's question, she merely furrowed her brow as she folded up what she'd been wearing carefully. \"Uhm... no I don't believe we have. Why would we need to after all?\" The fire fae asked, looking just a bit suspicious. \"I have all the jewelry I need.\" She mused as instinctively her hand went to the necklace that he'd gifted to her, fingering the pendant lightly. ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Juniper let out a soft sing-song 'Don't tempt me~' at his comment of devouring him. She just might and then he really wouldn't get dinner that evening. She gave a soft sigh of relief when he approved her second choice of clothing and started stripping out of her home clothes to put the breezy dress on. Sometimes they could go back and forth for hours trying to find something that she wanted to wear and that Montag deemed 'appropriate' for the occasion. "}, "post-92694": {"user": "Montag Decker", "user_num": 3095, "timestamp": "1564110219000", "message": "Montag had an easy smile to dissuade any notion of suspicion rightfully coming from the Fae. As he was buttoning up his shirt he pointed to the guild ring on his right hand. The Isran Fire Department badge was worked on gold on top of a smooth garnet stone, \"Well I figured it was about time you got conducted into the Fire Guild. You've about hit your year of active service.\" Which wasn't a full lie, or a full truth. \"Besides, I need to get a new watch. I lost mine in the blaze a few days ago. You can help pick out one you think would look good on me,\" he offered as he straightened his stand collar on the white shirt. He sat on the bed to pull on his dress socks and grey slacks before standing up again to pull on his red vest.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Montag had an easy smile to dissuade any notion of suspicion rightfully coming from the Fae. As he was buttoning up his shirt he pointed to the guild ring on his right hand. The Isran Fire Department badge was worked on gold on top of a smooth garnet stone, \"Well I figured it was about time you got conducted into the Fire Guild. You've about hit your year of active service.\" Which wasn't a full lie, or a full truth. "}, "post-92751": {"user": "Juniper", "user_num": 3047, "timestamp": "1564360360000", "message": "The suspicion on her face cleared up rather quickly with that perfectly plausible explanation. She had no reason not to trust him after all. She merely smiled and nodded at that. \"That sounds fine to me. It would be nice to have something like that. Make it much easier to confuse people.\" She mused as she began to slip into the dress, it falling nicely around her lithe frame. She went to the mirror to start to put her hair up. \"I don't know why you insist on having a time piece though. Your time is so short. Why do you want to keep track of it so much? Just enjoy it.\" ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "The suspicion on her face cleared up rather quickly with that perfectly plausible explanation. She had no reason not to trust him after all. She merely smiled and nodded at that. \"That sounds fine to me. It would be nice to have something like that. Make it much easier to confuse people.\" She mused as she began to slip into the dress, it falling nicely around her lithe frame. She went to the mirror to start to put her hair up. "}, "post-92814": {"user": "Montag Decker", "user_num": 3095, "timestamp": "1564630834000", "message": "Montag smilingly harrumphed at Juniper's comment. He was one of the few lucky humans out there that could harness natural forces from within himself, with that close to the supernatural world he was going to live nearly as long as she did. Of course not counting an unforeseen circumstance that unfortunately came with the occupation he had chosen. But with her by his side, nothing could begin to happen. He counted himself indeed lucky that she was there, considering how she saved his life at the Midnight Sun. He thought back to the first time they had that discussion as he joined her at the mirror and began the practice of artful strangulation: tying a tie. It had been a long day at work, several fires to put out and they didn't manage to walk through the door until it was past midnight. He had just showered and had barely crawled under the covers and drifted off before he was woken up by a jolt on his essence. Panic, distraughtness was pouring down his spine, and the source was the Fae asleep on top of him, tears beginning to form at the corners of her eyes. He had shaken her awake and held her as she poured forth all her fears, trying to comfort her with the knowledge he would be there for quite some time indeed. As he finished with the knot he leaned over and kissed the tip of her ear, \"I gotta keep track of how long I've been the luckiest man alive. So far it's been 218 days, twenty hours, and thirteen minutes.\"", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Montag smilingly harrumphed at Juniper's comment. He was one of the few lucky humans out there that could harness natural forces from within himself, with that close to the supernatural world he was going to live nearly as long as she did. Of course not counting an unforeseen circumstance that unfortunately came with the occupation he had chosen. But with her by his side, nothing could begin to happen. He counted himself indeed lucky that she was there, considering how she saved his life at the Midnight Sun. He thought back to the first time they had that discussion as he joined her at the mirror and began the practice of artful strangulation: tying a tie. "}, "post-92876": {"user": "Juniper", "user_num": 3047, "timestamp": "1564944187000", "message": "The fae's face burst into a bright green as she braided her auburn waves into a loose plait that puffed out as it trailed from her forehead to her shoulder. Holding the hair securely in one hand, she turned to swat at him, her cheeks and ears still bright with embarrassment. \"Oh hush you, you are absolutely ridiculous. And it's actually sixteen minutes by my count.\" She grumbled at him before turning back to tie her hair with one of the ribbons that Montag had gotten her. As she did, grumbling a bit about ridiculous humans, she walked back to the closet to get a pair of slippers. They were technically for dancers, but they were one of the few shoes she could wear and feel comfortable in. She could still feel the earth through the soles of the shoes. She brought the maroon shoes out and slipped them on, twining the ribbons around her legs.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "The fae's face burst into a bright green as she braided her auburn waves into a loose plait that puffed out as it trailed from her forehead to her shoulder. Holding the hair securely in one hand, she turned to swat at him, her cheeks and ears still bright with embarrassment. \"Oh hush you, you are absolutely ridiculous. And it's actually sixteen minutes by my count.\" She grumbled at him before turning back to tie her hair with one of the ribbons that Montag had gotten her. "}, "post-93956": {"user": "Montag Decker", "user_num": 3095, "timestamp": "1575346825000", "message": "\"Indeed you are right Little Miss, as you are about most things,\" he muttered more to himself than her, his hands attempting to their best at twining the tie and not cut off circulation to his head. Which considering how often he had to tie these blasted things he would be an old hand at it. But one would be quite sorely disappointed to discover that apparently practice did not make perfect as the two ends fell limply on his chest as he muttered curses at the inventors of such fashion. Striding over the bed side table he gripped the cedar wood firmly as he muttered between clenched teeth, \"Ligabis Nodum.\" The ends leaped into action, twisting and turning with the grace of ballerinas. Once, twice they twisted, and up they slid until a muffled gasp as they clung tightly to his throat. Far too tightly. Setting down the wand he worked quick to loosen it, before turning to Juni red faced, \"Ready when you are darling.\"", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "\"Indeed you are right Little Miss, as you are about most things,\" he muttered more to himself than her, his hands attempting to their best at twining the tie and not cut off circulation to his head. Which considering how often he had to tie these blasted things he would be an old hand at it. But one would be quite sorely disappointed to discover that apparently practice did not make perfect as the two ends fell limply on his chest as he muttered curses at the inventors of such fashion. "}}