{"post-40917": {"user": "The Isran Empire", "user_num": 1310, "timestamp": "1465591605000", "message": "This thread represents the The Oculus Solis Arena as it exists for the fourth match of the Magic Bracket of The Second Annual Tournament, for the match between\u00a0Aegon       and\u00a0Solvictus .\u00a0The fighting area itself is an open, circular expanse of imported sand fifty meters across. Competitors enter through opposite entry tunnels on the east and west sides. At the beginning of each match, a match official stands in the center of the ring. The competitors are expected to make their entrances, approach the center, perhaps shake hands or something like that with their competitor, and await the mark of the match official to begin their fight.[In the event of a dispute that cannot be resolved between the competing parties, message\u00a0Empress Naoki     .]", "link_list": ["http://thefantasysandbox.boards.net/thread/1685/oculus-solis-arena", "http://thefantasysandbox.boards.net/thread/1683/second-annual-grand-tournament", "/user/439", "/user/1544", "/user/607"], "image_list": ["http://i.imgur.com/bTBNZbp.png"], "html": "This thread represents the "}, "post-40928": {"user": "Aegon", "user_num": 439, "timestamp": "1465614557000", "message": "Aegon entered the arena. His robes billowed around him as he did, a bracelet on his left wrist reflected light with the movement of his arms. Invisible to all but possibly known to any who watched his last match was a golden orb encrusted with ice blue gems and marked with various swirls and geometric patterns floated about Aegon. He walked to a decent distance and bowed to his opponent who would enter at the same time he had. ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Aegon entered the arena. His robes billowed around him as he did, a bracelet on his left wrist reflected light with the movement of his arms. Invisible to all but possibly known to any who watched his last match was a golden orb encrusted with ice blue gems and marked with various swirls and geometric patterns floated about Aegon. "}, "post-40932": {"user": "Solvictus", "user_num": 1544, "timestamp": "1465616009000", "message": "Once again the crowds roared with bloodlust as the fourth match of the magical bracket was set afoot. As Solvictus made his way through the corridors to the gate, these sounds grew louder and louder, rumbling like a stampede of bulls. The tournament was had continued to be as grand as it was intended to be. Solvictus came here for his own reasons and the forfeiture of his last opponent allowed him to continue on without any wear and tear on his body from combat. Solvictus is a mage that came from a foreign land and had no idea what to expect since his opponent had not competed in his presence and no previous knowledge of him. The dark mage was still wondering what it would be like to be a gladiator in such a brutal sport, Darkness fueling this desire to prove himself among this new world. With every step he took, his mind was processing a different scenario with different magics in the arena.The thoughts would keep flowing, slowing down as Solvictus laid eyes on the white and golden rays of light piercing through opening in his gate again. His mind shifted from the thousands of plots and plans in his head to the glorious arena that rested before him on the other side of the light. The sands glistened like small shards of glass from his view within the shadows while casting their rays upon the finely crafted stone architecture that stood as the arena's walls.His ears took in the roar of the crowds, fueling him like methamphetamine. His mind lusted after the desires of the crowd, to see who is stronger and wiser mage. The closer he got to the light, the more his mind would focus on what was about to occur. From the confines of the darkness within the gate, two glowing red orbs illuminated like a monster's eyes. As Solvictus intruded the light's original path to the sand, the demon red glowing orbs transferred into two Brick Red irises that were slitted like a predators, producing a slight glowing effect within the shadows of his helm. After moving two steps into the sunlight, the full 6'8\" mage figure was completely free from the shadows within the gate.The Sun beat down on what Solvictus was wearing when he first introduced his body to the sunbeams. The flare put off during his entrance would temporarily hide his appearance from the crowds and his competitor if they were already present.  As the flare died down, what light that reflected off of Solvictus, changing all colors till all that remained was the natural white glare that normal armors and silks cast in sunlight. The crowd would still be drawn to the red silk hood that adorned his head, it's bright coloring standing out among the his body from their viewing angle. Hidden within the majestic red hood was a magical iron helm that had a skeletal mask that was magically bonded to Solvictus's face. The helm itself has magical properties that could prevent the head from taking excessive damage from magical attacks.His upper body was also adorned by an iron armor with the same magical properties as the helm. This armor was plated to match his muscular build and minimizing any hindrance in upper body movements. His upper torso would be more resistant to damage taken from magical attacks while wearing this upper body armor. This armor, like the helm, carried a smokey grey color and had unique craftsmanship in its design.Attached to this armor is a set of red sleeves that hid the arms of Solvictus. These sleeves were crafted by cloths that weaved around them for decoration. These cloths are outlined with a golden silk to give them a nice design that matched Solvictus's full armor outside of the tournament.Suspended around his lower torso is a pair of red pants and strands of cloths that form an ornamental skirt around the pants. These garments hid the legs and feet of Solvictus as he moved deeper into the arena. From the top of his hood, to the base of his feet, Solvictus was covered in cloths or armor. Even after removing most of his armor, Solvictus still carried his monsterous appearance. The armors design was drenched in Darkness, and the magic that fueled the enchantments told the tale. The presence of the dark being within these fiendish garments would send a message to any competitor he faced in this tournament or in the world outside the stone walls of this coliseum.In the clenches of his right hand, Solvictus held a scepter that also presented itself with two dual bladed axe heads on each end of it, making this scepter a lethal weapon in close range combat and magic. This axe scepter was one meter in length, forged from iron, and crafted in the dark style of his armor. The blades on the axes were were wide and designed to break armor while causing severe physical damage under the correct circumstances. Solvictus was not trained well for close range combat with this weapon but he was still capable of fighting with it. Solvictus used this weapon primarily for the magical capabilities that it possessed and when close range combat occurred, Solvictus could still cause critical damage.When Solvictus reached a twenty meter distance from his gate, he stopped. His mask eyes stared ahead, looking for his opponent. Solvictus had filled his desire of crowd gazing in the first round and now he was more focused on the fight than the glory. Still, he didn't mind the roars for violence that the crowd filled the air with. He was an unknown to these people, but they continued to cheer, just not as many this round as there was in the first round. To be at the epicenter of this attention bestowed upon him one of the mightiest of feelings, even if the attention was against him. The cheers for blood were like throwing gasoline on a fire to Solvictus, pushing him to give them something to satiate their hunger for combat.\u00a0Beneath the skirt of cloths, a motion occurred that placed his feet shoulder length apart. His chest would slightly puff out as he lowered his head. With his head lowered, the hood cast a shadow over the eyes of the skull mask revealing the same red glow that had in the shadows of the gate. To finish off the stance preparation, Solvictus lowered the top ax blade of his scepter to point at the ground in front of him and the bottom blade raising to point behind himself, pointed slightly above the gate he hailed from.When his opponent arrived, Solvictus would raise his left hand into the air towards his opponent, \"Hail wah Faal Vuloh\", greeting him as he would any from his home land. When he finished his words, he lowered his left arm slowly. He hand and arm would rotate while balling a fist at the same time. Once the forearm was face up and his fist tightly balled, his Writers palm would face his side, resting three inches off of his ribcage. With the movement of his arm, red cloths that formed gloves were revealed.  As the red orbs on his sceptre made their illuminating presence, the mind of Solvictus became focused on one thought; defeat his opponent. The roar of the crowd turned into a soft hum within his eardrums that was very soothing and the light slowed down as if time itself slowed down in dark mind of Solvictus. Beads of sweat formed beneath the garments of Solvictus and rolled across his skin cooling him until while the excess would be soaked into his cloths to act like a wet cloth to keep him cool. With every gust of air Solvictus would get a sensational feeling that would cool him while creating a rejuvinating feeling. Solvictus had arrived and awaited his opponent so that the round could be started; Solvictus was itching to fight after the happenings in the first round that put him into the next round.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Once again the crowds roared with bloodlust as the fourth match of the magical bracket was set afoot. As Solvictus made his way through the corridors to the gate, these sounds grew louder and louder, rumbling like a stampede of bulls. The tournament was had continued to be as grand as it was intended to be. Solvictus came here for his own reasons and the forfeiture of his last opponent allowed him to continue on without any wear and tear on his body from combat. "}, "post-40937": {"user": "The Isran Empire", "user_num": 1310, "timestamp": "1465621831000", "message": "Yet again, Marceline takes to the field to officiate this latest match of the Tournament. As always, her cube has found its way into her right hand, where it sits quietly, betraying none of the power within. Her gaze flops from one competitor to the other and back again. Fearsome opponents, both. Figuring that they\u2019re about finished with all of the pleasantries they\u2019d care to conduct, Marceline approaches each of them in turn, giving a cursory check to ensure the protective enchantments are in working order. \u201cAlright. Let\u2019s see a nice, clean fight, you two. Start on the gong.\u201dMoving away, Marceline signals to some unseen onlooker, and shortly thereafter, the sound of a gong rings out across the arena, signaling the start of the fifth match. ", "link_list": ["http://i.imgur.com/b5Tyrwp.jpg"], "image_list": [], "html": "Yet again, "}, "post-40940": {"user": "Aegon", "user_num": 439, "timestamp": "1465624418000", "message": "The moment the gong rang Aegon's bracelet came to life, a massive shield forming out of the air itself tall and slender like Aaegon, seemingly made of a single piece of diamond. Already magic coursed and surged through Aegon and he could feel the kinds of magic in Solvictus. He recognized it and dark memories surfaced in his mind, broken and shattered thought they were, \"I've no mercy for your kind.\"", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "The moment the gong rang Aegon's bracelet came to life, a massive shield forming out of the air itself tall and slender like Aaegon, seemingly made of a single piece of diamond. Already magic coursed and surged through Aegon and he could feel the kinds of magic in Solvictus. He recognized it and dark memories surfaced in his mind, broken and shattered thought they were, \"I've no mercy for your kind.\""}, "post-41040": {"user": "Solvictus", "user_num": 1544, "timestamp": "1465709287000", "message": "The lift of the left hand and the draconic words spoken were a salute to Aegon as Solvictus would do to all of his competitors. This salute was the only respect Aegon would receive in this fight as Solvictus's dark powers had no intentions of showing any mercy on the mage. The first sign of Solvictus remained at a fair distance from his opponent creating a range that would require a ranged magic attack or charging on foot. As the announcer gave the signal to officially begin, Solvictus began to work his dark magics. The red lining on his armor began to light up as it did in the first round. As the armor activated itself through it's connection with Solvictus, so did the ax scepter. Extending from each orb was a red veins that all lead to Solvictus's hand.Darkness filled the air around Solvictus's as it crept from under his garments. The darkness moved like a visible miasma that oppressed magical attacks on Solvictus(when the opponent attacks. Does not oppress Solvictus's magic.) within the five foot radius surrounding his form, reducing the damage Solvictus would take from the attack. This miasma was a creation of the armor that would lessen after each magical attack on himself. When the armor activated, Solvictus began his charge, creating a brighter glow of red from beneath his hood. The black miasma began to coil around Solvictus scepter like a snake as the red eyes flashed once. The black miasma would thicken to a goo as it coiled around the ax scepter. When the miasma reached a certain density it would root out from his weapon and over his his cloths and up his arm. The spell was in the works and the Darkness had begun to plague the battlefield, his opponent just did not know it yet.From a spectator's view, one would see a transparent cloud surrounding Solvictus that cast a large shadow on the ground. The shadow was large for the size of the cloud of Darkness, some spectators might notice while others were more focused on the miasma like Solvictus hoped his opponent was. This shadow would be tied to the miasma that was coiling around Solvictus scepter that the crowds were unaware of unless they were a strong mage or trained warrior. Nothing changed from the first time the spell charge was used in the tournament.\"Hail wah Faal Vuloh\", Solvictus chanted again softly to himself as stage one of his spell was set in place. He knew that he was repeating the same spell that he started in the first fight, but he hoped the crowds would want to see how it ended. With his opponent forming a magic shield, Solvictus kept a close eye on him while ignoring anything and everything the mage might say.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "The lift of the left hand and the draconic words spoken were a salute to Aegon as Solvictus would do to all of his competitors. This salute was the only respect Aegon would receive in this fight as Solvictus's dark powers had no intentions of showing any mercy on the mage. The first sign of Solvictus remained at a fair distance from his opponent creating a range that would require a ranged magic attack or charging on foot. "}, "post-41109": {"user": "Aegon", "user_num": 439, "timestamp": "1465776026000", "message": "Aegon held his position, summoning magic while uttering words from a language spoken by no one alive, \"Kui arvate, et teie relva saab \u00f5gima maailmas, nii et see on. Kui arvate, et teie armor ei saa kunagi murda, et siis ei ole. Ma tugineda peale maailma minu tahe on tugevam!\" Magic began to flow through Aegon in viscous throughs. His skin began to glow and his cloak seemed to become a billowing ethereal shadow of black. He could in fact sense the magic at work, his well trained eyes and senses observed the magic at work. (c1) (translation: If you believe your weapon can devour the world, so it will. If you believe your armor can never break, so it won't. My will is strong and I invoke it onto the world. )", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Aegon held his position, summoning magic while uttering words from a language spoken by no one alive, \"Kui arvate, et teie relva saab \u00f5gima maailmas, nii et see on. Kui arvate, et teie armor ei saa kunagi murda, et siis ei ole. Ma tugineda peale maailma minu tahe on tugevam!\" Magic began to flow through Aegon in viscous throughs. His skin began to glow and his cloak seemed to become a billowing ethereal shadow of black. "}, "post-41136": {"user": "Solvictus", "user_num": 1544, "timestamp": "1465783088000", "message": "As the words were muttered, the second stage of his spell would engage. The miasmatic sphere encasing Solvictus would darken to a shade that hid his form. The spectators and opponent would lose all visual contact with the figure within. The thickened miasma that formed into a goo continued to climb up his arm and across his uppertorso. As the miasma slowly engulfed the upper body of Solvictus, the darkness that crept across the cround began to move outwards at a slow pace. The sands within the darkness that was spreading across the grounds would begin to vanish, starting out around the sphere the Solvictus was within.With the darkness that engulfed the arena grounds came a vacuuming effect that pulled anything it touched into it. The shadows and distance could hide this for so long, but as the spell grew, so would these effects. If Aegon could read magic, he would notice the extreme spike in Dark magic involved with this stage in the spell.From the spectators view, things had changed. They witnessed the sphere darken and the growth of the darkness that was once just shadows. The spectators would also notice the difference between the black that looked like a night sky consuming the sands  and the shadowy darkness that crawled ahead to pave the way. Charge = 2", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "As the words were muttered, the second stage of his spell would engage. The miasmatic sphere encasing Solvictus would darken to a shade that hid his form. The spectators and opponent would lose all visual contact with the figure within. "}, "post-41454": {"user": "Aegon", "user_num": 439, "timestamp": "1466017033000", "message": "Aegon observed, keeping his shield between himself and his opponent, gathering as much magic as he can.(c2)", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Aegon observed, keeping his shield between himself and his opponent, gathering as much magic as he can."}, "post-41489": {"user": "Solvictus", "user_num": 1544, "timestamp": "1466043046000", "message": "Aegon might not have much flare in his magic, but this was a tournament and pleasing the crowds was part of the fight. Solvictus wanted the crowds quiet and focused on what was occurring around him. Suspense makes people curious, he wanted them in suspense and silence. He wanted everyone, even Aegon, to focus on the Darkness in awe or fear, forgetting about their surroundings. The next step in the spell was a sight to be seen like the darkness that consumes the ground. Tendrils started to extend from the dark sphere containing Solvictus. The tendrils would flail with rage till they separated from the sphere and circled around it. The tendrils would mold together, forming a 30 degree angled black ring that rotated like a saw blade. A hum would be heard spanning from the spiraling ring around the black sphere that made it look like a dark planet. This ring would set the table for the next step in this spell to reach full potential.\u00a0From a spectator's view, the different shades of black would contrast in the sunlight. The darkness that consumed the arena ground looked like space and the sphere containing Solvictus looked like a planet floating in space. The sight of this spell gained luster each bit that it grew stronger, but Solvictus was literally painting a scene in the sands for the spectators to watch progress. Aegon would not get to witness this from his standpoint.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Aegon might not have much flare in his magic, but this was a tournament and pleasing the crowds was part of the fight. Solvictus wanted the crowds quiet and focused on what was occurring around him. Suspense makes people curious, he wanted them in suspense and silence. He wanted everyone, even Aegon, to focus on the Darkness in awe or fear, forgetting about their surroundings. "}, "post-41512": {"user": "Aegon", "user_num": 439, "timestamp": "1466066613000", "message": "Aegon reached out with his hand like grabbing something. He twisted his hand until his palm faced the sky. The moved his hand up into the air and Aegon finally started his magic's true usage. Suddenly four blue green ice crystals began to grow up around Solvictus. They grew so fast that air and sand were trapped within and when looking closely you could find the sand and air bubbles through the entire ice structure. The substance was so cold that the humidity in the air turned to snow around the crystals.Aegon would show no fear against his opponent. Why would he? He was busy enough without the added distraction of fear; he was doing two things at once, focusing on his foe's magic and watching it grow with strength, and using his own magic. With the towers of ice completed Aegon would start to summon his magic as soon as he could. (next post)(Charges: had 2, used 2) ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Aegon reached out with his hand like grabbing something. He twisted his hand until his palm faced the sky. The moved his hand up into the air and Aegon finally started his magic's true usage. Suddenly four blue green ice crystals began to grow up around Solvictus. They grew so fast that air and sand were trapped within and when looking closely you could find the sand and air bubbles through the entire ice structure. The substance was so cold that the humidity in the air turned to snow around the crystals."}, "post-41648": {"user": "Solvictus", "user_num": 1544, "timestamp": "1466220058000", "message": "The moment Aegon's giant crystals formed around the orb Solvictus was contained within, Solvictus was aware of something in the works. Aegon did not notice that anything the Darkness touched, it was slowly consuming, the sands within the blackest part of the Darkness being the example. These giant crystals would feel a tug on their form as the Darkness would pull on these crystals. The slight pull was nothing extensive, but it would force Aegon to focus more magic to prevent losing his crystals to the Darkness.\u00a0There was a good reason Solvictus was called Solvictus the Insatiable in his homelands. His Darkness was powerful and constantly requiring to be fed. This Darkness was a living being that Solvictus controlled like a weapon, using the Darkness's hunger against his enemies. \u00a0The next step in the spell to release this contained Darkness would change the battlefield and signal an end was coming soon.\u00a0The Darkness that crept across the sands ceased its conquering of the arena ground. The movements would not be noticeable at first, but the Darkness was starting to spiral. After a few seconds the motion would become noticeable as the sands around the darkness started to swirl with the darkness, vanishing into what normally would be the Maw of Darkness. The magical crystals would suffer an effect that started out with what looked like sand being pulled off of them and into the Maw of the Darkness.\u00a0The dark sphere containing Solvictus began to surge with power as it began to spin itself within the ring. From the spectators view, the sands being swallowed by the spiraling Darkness added stars to the spacial appearance. The sands glistened their last reflections for the time being until the fight was over. Aegon's crystals looked like moons around the dark planet containing the contestant within.C=4 ]]", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "The moment Aegon's giant crystals formed around the orb Solvictus was contained within, Solvictus was aware of something in the works. Aegon did not notice that anything the Darkness touched, it was slowly consuming, the sands within the blackest part of the Darkness being the example. These giant crystals would feel a tug on their form as the Darkness would pull on these crystals. The slight pull was nothing extensive, but it would force Aegon to focus more magic to prevent losing his crystals to the Darkness.\u00a0"}, "post-41651": {"user": "Aegon", "user_num": 439, "timestamp": "1466227515000", "message": "Aegon began charging fire magic. The air bubbles in the blue-green ice beginning to glow orange with energy he was charging into them. Any of the crystals that broke off would retain their fire charge even if they were sucked into his darkness. ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Aegon began charging fire magic. The air bubbles in the blue-green ice beginning to glow orange with energy he was charging into them. Any of the crystals that broke off would retain their fire charge even if they were sucked into his darkness. "}, "post-41705": {"user": "Solvictus", "user_num": 1544, "timestamp": "1466317857000", "message": "The vortex of Darkness let out off a deafening boom that would rattle the arena grounds and stands. A massive explosion of Dark energy roared around Solvictus's form as the sphere containing him would implode on itself. In his left hand, the center of the implosion was taking place as the spell took it's effect.The slow moving vortex of energy had intensely raised it's vacuuming power, pulling sands from all stretches of the arena floor. With the sands moving beneath Aegon's feet, he would find himself without solid ground to stand on as the sands helped carry him towards the Vortex. Aegon's giant crystals that were touching the sphere of Darkness fell prey to the destruction that occurred. The moment the implosion started and the sphere collapsed, the crystals were pulled into it; all magic and elemental traits were ripped to shreds.Such a mighty display of power and yet Aegon would still have the capability to remain from being pulled into the Darkness and think of another attack. Had Aegon not placed them so close, they would not have fully been consumed, but such was the fate of anything beyond Solvictus that the Darkness touched. While the sands appeared to be pulling into a pit of Darkness, this pit was being pulled into the implosion site within his palm.\u00a0From above, the crowds would notice the pit of Darkness becoming smaller and smaller as they retracted to Solvictus. Even though the pit grew smaller, the pulling force on the sands did not lighten and nor would they unless Solvictus could be prevented from finishing off the spell.\u00a0The glowing red eyes of Solvictus that hid behind his hooded helm stood out once again as he spoke, \"Hail wah Faal Vuloh!\"", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "The vortex of Darkness let out off a deafening boom that would rattle the arena grounds and stands. A massive explosion of Dark energy roared around Solvictus's form as the sphere containing him would implode on itself. In his left hand, the center of the implosion was taking place as the spell took it's effect."}, "post-41706": {"user": "Aegon", "user_num": 439, "timestamp": "1466321047000", "message": "Aegon had watched and red the magic being cast by his opponent, and if he was a less experienced mage he would be truly frightened. He was not. Almost in sync, Aegon's crystals detonated his fire magic. As Aegon released the fire magic he had built up and the ice began to shatter under the effects of Solvictus' spell; the thousands of tiny fireballs in the ice erupted. They melted the already aerated ice and ignited it violently. The ice was not that of water but methane. The sand frozen inside would act as tiny shrapnel. ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Aegon had watched and red the magic being cast by his opponent, and if he was a less experienced mage he would be truly frightened. He was not. Almost in sync, Aegon's crystals detonated his fire magic. "}, "post-41843": {"user": "Solvictus", "user_num": 1544, "timestamp": "1466395550000", "message": "Aegon's attack was too late to cause any damage that was remotely noticeable. The crystals were already being consumed before the implosion, and when the implosion occurred, even if the same moment the crystals released their power, all was consumed by the implosion. Any embers or shards the would have neared Solvictus stood no chance as his armor was defensive to magic, decreasing the power of the first hit by an estimated 1/3, making the already weakened attack fail at disrupting the magic Solvictus had gathered. Moments after the recession of the Darkness from the ground, the entire force of Darkness was focused into a baseball sized orb that spun in the left palm of Solvictus. The pulling force still occurred, lifting the sands from the ground when they reached a certain distance from the dark creatures figure. Since Aegon made no attempt to keep from being pulled, he would find the pulling force to start effect his form as his garbs rippled towards Solvictus.Solvictus turned his palm, pointing the orb directly at Aegon's position that continued to near him. The sands moved around the black orb like a propeller that eventually reached a point that the outskirts of the arena grounds were solid ground, all the sand being pulled inwards. \"Coi ui tairais ekess sulta nomeno.\", Solvictus spoke to himself, his voice hidden behind the jet engine sounds emanating from the black orb in his palm as its vacuuming effect was consuming all sound.A loud boom like the implosions rang throughout the arena again. The sands around Solvictus exploded into a cloud as he released the final product of the spell. The black orb blasted off from the Solvictus's palm, pulling the sand that exploded around Solvictus into its form. As the orb shot towards Aegon, the sands rose beneath it like a dragon's spine. At the speed this orb moved, Aegon had little time to react and it was unlikely he would be able to move far enough away to avoid being pulled into the orb. This orb had the power of a blackhole. Until Solvictus released the spell, this orb remained present. ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Aegon's attack was too late to cause any damage that was remotely noticeable. The crystals were already being consumed before the implosion, and when the implosion occurred, even if the same moment the crystals released their power, all was consumed by the implosion. Any embers or shards the would have neared Solvictus stood no chance as his armor was defensive to magic, decreasing the power of the first hit by an estimated 1/3, making the already weakened attack fail at disrupting the magic Solvictus had gathered. "}, "post-41959": {"user": "Aegon", "user_num": 439, "timestamp": "1466497646000", "message": "Sadly for Solvictus his spells wonderful aesthetics lost its power as it flew toward Aegon. Absorbing the magics Aegon worked on weakened Solvictus' power and he didn't even realize it. Aegon simply side stepped the attack. An easy dodge. He was already charging his magic, a plan forming as magic filled his form. (4-3=1, your spell was one charge based on the math)", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Sadly for Solvictus his spells wonderful aesthetics lost its power as it flew toward Aegon. Absorbing the magics Aegon worked on weakened Solvictus' power and he didn't even realize it. Aegon simply side stepped the attack. An easy dodge. He was already charging his magic, a plan forming as magic filled his form. "}, "post-42241": {"user": "Solvictus", "user_num": 1544, "timestamp": "1466738908000", "message": "((For the sake of fun while we wait of the current judgement, let's keep going and see how it turns out. The judgement can nullify from this point on depending on the turn out, but why waste a fun fight?))Aegon may have avoided the initial strike of the Darkness ball, but that wouldn't be the last time he seen it. Zooming by Aegon, the orb continued till it was ten yards behind him. While Aegon started to charge his magic, Solvictus focused his magics onto the small orb of Darkness. Solvictus was preparing to strike back, hopefully without notice since Aegon was so focused on Solvictus. With Solvictus hand in the air, he shouted at Aegon, \"Hail wah Faal Vuloh!\" Solvictus hoped to keep Aegon entertained. Solvictus also had a plan, one that would show Aegon exactly how much control Solvictus had over his Darkness. ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "((For the sake of fun while we wait of the current judgement, let's keep going and see how it turns out. The judgement can nullify from this point on depending on the turn out, but why waste a fun fight?))"}, "post-42322": {"user": "Aegon", "user_num": 439, "timestamp": "1466811719000", "message": "As Aegon continued to build upon his well of magic he noticed that there was no sound of impact form the darkness. He could tell the spell was weakened but it seems it was not gone. Rather than build even more magic Aegon used his one magic charge, he reached down and placed his to the sand. He sent the magic into it. A trap, simply set to be activated upon receiving damage. While not a powerful spell sometimes the smallest efforts go the longest.  ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "As Aegon continued to build upon his well of magic he noticed that there was no sound of impact form the darkness. He could tell the spell was weakened but it seems it was not gone. Rather than build even more magic Aegon used his one magic charge, he reached down and placed his to the sand. He sent the magic into it. A trap, simply set to be activated upon receiving damage. While not a powerful spell sometimes the smallest efforts go the longest.  "}, "post-42341": {"user": "Solvictus", "user_num": 1544, "timestamp": "1466821822000", "message": "Solvictus continued to focus on his magical orb located behind Aegon. This time instead of a vacuuming effect, a gust began to occur. The gust continued to grow, blowing the sand around Aegon's feet. Solvictus could feel the breeze created by his orb as the bit of sweat his body produced within his cloths would create a cooling sensation on his skin. What created this breeze was the orb spinning in spot. Sands picked up around the orb as winds rushed around its spinning motion. Something was in the works and the orb was acting differently than it did before. Instead of consuming, it seemed to producing, or in this case, replenishing.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Solvictus continued to focus on his magical orb located behind Aegon. This time instead of a vacuuming effect, a gust began to occur. The gust continued to grow, blowing the sand around Aegon's feet. Solvictus could feel the breeze created by his orb as the bit of sweat his body produced within his cloths would create a cooling sensation on his skin. What created this breeze was the orb spinning in spot. "}, "post-42360": {"user": "Aegon", "user_num": 439, "timestamp": "1466836174000", "message": "Aegon, his magic worked, glanced over his shoulder. his robes billowing about with he wind. Aegon began to march away from the orb. He used his shield as wind block, finding only the sand to be a slowing factor. Whats more his magic had been cast and already his magic was replenishing. (C1)", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Aegon, his magic worked, glanced over his shoulder. his robes billowing about with he wind. Aegon began to march away from the orb. He used his shield as wind block, finding only the sand to be a slowing factor. Whats more his magic had been cast and already his magic was replenishing. "}, "post-42457": {"user": "Solvictus", "user_num": 1544, "timestamp": "1466908853000", "message": "The true intention of the charging power within the sphere would be revealed. The orb darted into the air above Aegon, estimating about fifteen feet in height. The gusts pushed down out Aegon's form, blasting the sands into the air that once rested at Aegon's feet. Above Aegon, sand exploded from the Darkness with a crushing force. All the sands that had been pulled into the Darkness were now spewing out with the intentions of hitting Aegon. A lot of sand had disappeared as a majority of the arena had been dropped to solid ground beneath them. Should Aegon make it through the start of the attack, a boom was about to erupt. Everything that entered the Darkness returned to the arena how it entered. The explosive force of his magical attack sent the shrapnel and fire towards Aegon. The Darkness was attacking Aegon with his own attack but in a more focused direction.With the final display of the original Darkness over, the orb was gone and Solvictus stood ready to continue fighting if Aegon survived the sand and shrapnel/fire attack.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "The true intention of the charging power within the sphere would be revealed. The orb darted into the air above Aegon, estimating about fifteen feet in height. The gusts pushed down out Aegon's form, blasting the sands into the air that once rested at Aegon's feet. Above Aegon, sand exploded from the Darkness with a crushing force. All the sands that had been pulled into the Darkness were now spewing out with the intentions of hitting Aegon. A lot of sand had disappeared as a majority of the arena had been dropped to solid ground beneath them. "}, "post-43614": {"user": "The Isran Empire", "user_num": 1310, "timestamp": "1468038056000", "message": "For breaking the rules, Solvicitus is disqualified. All competitor\u2019s magic- (\u201cDarkness\u201d included) is forcefully dissipated by the match authorities, and Aegon is declared the victor. While not perhaps the most cinematic way to conclude a battle, the battle was ridiculous enough that the crowd doesn\u2019t seem to mind. Cheers follow Aegon as he exits the arena. ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "For breaking the rules, Solvicitus is disqualified. All competitor\u2019s magic- (\u201c"}}