{"post-94965": {"user": "The Divine Empire of Vessia", "user_num": 1951, "timestamp": "1580276090000", "message": "This is a fairly long stretch of coast, artificially elongated with all of its many natural ports and harbours. It crosses many different territories from that owned by full Electors, to that of Free-Knights or pretty Princes. It is one of the warmest parts of the Imperial Coastline, hosting dozens of ethnicities all vying for supremacy over the idyllic land. While Imperial garrisons are aplenty given the value of warm water ports, the real force of the waters are the Uskoks. Some owe allegiance only to the Emperor, some only to a local Lord. But these state sanctioned pirates have been a menace to vessels world wide. Far better equipped and trained than petty pirates the price they charge for safe passage is quite atrocious, and yet it is often worth it to not lose everything in a single boarding action. While in the summers this can be avoided by simply going through Northern Sea routes, storms or winter freezing the waters don't always make this so easy. ", "link_list": [], "image_list": ["https://i.imgur.com/ZOCRlVk.jpg?1"], "html": "<div align=\"justify\">This is a fairly long stretch of coast, artificially elongated with all of its many natural ports and harbours. It crosses many different territories from that owned by full Electors, to that of Free-Knights or pretty Princes. It is one of the warmest parts of the Imperial Coastline, hosting dozens of ethnicities all vying for supremacy over the idyllic land. While Imperial garrisons are aplenty given the value of warm water ports, the real force of the waters are the Uskoks. Some owe allegiance only to the Emperor, some only to a local Lord. But these state sanctioned pirates have been a menace to vessels world wide. Far better equipped and trained than petty pirates the price they charge for safe passage is quite atrocious, and yet it is often worth it to not lose everything in a single boarding action. While in the summers this can be avoided by simply going through Northern Sea routes, storms or winter freezing the waters don't always make this so easy. <br/></div>"}, "post-94968": {"user": "Karolai Ferenc", "user_num": 3575, "timestamp": "1580281174000", "message": "They\u2019d survived the ill fated feast, somehow. Hosts seeming initially so kind turning out to be bloodsuckers was\u2026 well, Karolai had not even considered such a possibility. To him it showed how daft his father was to send him off as such, almost a lamb to the slaughter. But yet\u2026 the old bastard was also by this event proven right. The world was a vile place, and in this experience Karl could only see pure justification for the Empire\u2019s oppression of its many people. If outside of Vessian borders vampires roamed like this, then maybe the Witch Hunters weren\u2019t so bad. It was better to go to sleep fearing a metaphorical monster than a real one. Really, it had made the impulse to set the Empire as the destination for the duo not wholly unfounded. They needed to get somewhere they wouldn\u2019t be chased to by the vampires, and where better than a place most vampires were cut down centuries ago, while the methods to continue doing so were known all across? Of course they were lucky to get to the ship. Karl and Vera only really got on with the stolen horse by virtue of the solid gold bar handed to the fellow and yet even then no berths were available to them. Still, it was just past dawn and already in the far distance Karl could see the beginning of the Imperial coastline: home. The daze of what had transpired only now really wore off of him. \u201cBloody hell.\u201d the lad managed. He yawned, and turned to Vera. \u201cYou alright?\u201d he asked quite simply. He knew he sure as hell wasn\u2019t. \u201cFifteen men on the dead man's chest\u2014...Yo-ho-ho, and a bottle of rum!Drink and the devil had done for the rest\u2014...Yo-ho-ho, and a bottle of rum!But one man of her crew alive,What put to sea with seventy-five.\u201d\u201cNo, no, that\u2019s the verse!\u201d\u201cOh come on Captain, it\u2019s the best part, it\u2019s better off as chorus!\u201d\u201cThat\u2019s not the point you little worm, it\u2019s traditional.\u201d\u201cCaaaaaptaaaaaaain!\u201d \u201cAye?\u201d\u201cShip, a ship!\u201d\u201cWhat colours is it flying?\u201d\u201cShe\u2019s a trader Cap\u2019n.\u201d\u201cI see. Take a look, see if you can find her name.\u201d\u201cErr\u2026 I don\u2019t see\u2014wait! It\u2019s called the Pride of Queen Marice.\u201d\u201cHmmm.\u201d The Captain said, scratching his bushy facial hair as he consulted a rather long list.\u201cQueen Marice, Queen Marice, Queen Marice\u2026. ah yes, here she be. Looks like she hasn\u2019t paid up; we\u2019re getting ourselves some booty today lads!\u201d he called out, cackling as he drew his sword. \u201cQuarter turn and full speed ahead!\u201d \u201cOh shit.\u201d the Captain of the Queen Marice said, a bead of sweat rolling down his forehead. Yes, of course the one day that he didn't pay his dues to the bloody pirates was the day they decided to mosey down this route. \"Everyone! Drop what you're doing.\" the man called out, his face making it quite clear he had enough of \"this shit\". \"There's pirates on the horizon, Uskoks to be exact. Draw what weapons you got, what of you that have none can go over to the Quartermaster and ask for what he's got but it'll probably be not more than cutlery and planks.\" Taking off his hat, the Captain wiped his brow before looking across the water, sighing as he heard\u00a0their singing. \"We'll see how many of them there is. We're not escaping, but if they don't have a lot then we stand our ground. If they do... well, we're going with them. Not the nicest captors, yet far better than dying. Any questions? No? Good.\" he finished, before anyone could actually raise their concerns.Karolai was incensed. Out of the frying pan and into the fryer was not what he had in mind, and his face reddened petulantly: this wasn't fair! For all his attempts worldliness, Karolai was still spoiled enough to have the beginnings of a tantrum to be coming on. \"I'm a son of the Egyszer King!\" he whined, looking between the Captain and the pirate vessel in the distance. \"These men ultimately serve the Empire, they'll stand down if I tell them.\"", "link_list": ["https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vB_0TuL5Aj4"], "image_list": [], "html": "They\u2019d survived the ill fated feast, somehow. Hosts seeming initially so kind turning out to be bloodsuckers was\u2026 well, Karolai had not even considered such a possibility. To him it showed how daft his father was to send him off as such, almost a lamb to the slaughter. But yet\u2026 the old bastard was also by this event proven right. The world was a vile place, and in this experience Karl could only see pure justification for the Empire\u2019s oppression of its many people. If outside of Vessian borders vampires roamed like this, then maybe the Witch Hunters weren\u2019t so bad. It was better to go to sleep fearing a metaphorical monster than a real one. Really, it had made the impulse to set the Empire as the destination for the duo not wholly unfounded. They needed to get somewhere they wouldn\u2019t be chased to by the vampires, and where better than a place most vampires were cut down centuries ago, while the methods to continue doing so were known all across? "}, "post-95013": {"user": "Hilda Vera de Rond\u00f3n", "user_num": 3571, "timestamp": "1580445440000", "message": "Hilda had long since dispelled of the contents of her stomach, and her hands wouldn't stop shaking. She could not eat. She could not sleep. Neither had her heart managed to find a way to slow; it beat quickly in her chest as though they were still in the midst of danger. Thus, Hilda walked. Back and forth, she anxiously paced over the planks of the ship, unable to sit still. Memories and conversations of the previous night echoed in her mind like a horrifying nightmare, and she wished she could dismiss it as such, but it had happened. It was real, and she shuddered at the thought. She was glad, at the very least, to have escaped the filthy tattered dress which she had worn to the Masquerade and into a vested chemisette, trousers, and boots, all provided by the Captain of the crew. Karola came to ask if she was alright, and Hilda merely gave him a numb nod, then watched him go. If it weren't for him, she would be dead, she realized. Amid the chaos, Hilda lost track of her charge. The last she had seen of Lord Vera, he had brandished his silver rapier, much like a true musketeer, against the enemy. Vampires. She shuddered as the claws of the thrall reached for her only to be cut off by an anonymous Karola. What a small world it was for him to have been there, as well. Now she quite literally owed him for saving her life, although it had been her idea to flee by sea. Hopefully, Lord Vera had the same idea... if he was still alive. But she couldn't think of that now. There were pirates on the horizon. \"No,\" she whispered in disbelief. The crew ran around gathering weapons and preparing to make a stand. Someone handed her a saber, and she stared dumbly at it. \"This can't be happening,\" she moaned. Karolai had the bright idea of claiming something about being royalty, and Hilda's eyes widened at the revelation. She was at his side in an instant. \"You cannot reveal who you are to them,\" she said. \"They will only hold you for ransom. The only thing it will serve is them, not you. Perhaps it is best if we play along with their game, as the Captain suggested.\" ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Hilda had long since dispelled of the contents of her stomach, and her hands wouldn't stop shaking. She could not eat. She could not sleep. Neither had her heart managed to find a way to slow; it beat quickly in her chest as though they were still in the midst of danger. Thus, Hilda walked. Back and forth, she anxiously paced over the planks of the ship, unable to sit still. Memories and conversations of the previous night echoed in her mind like a horrifying nightmare, and she wished she could dismiss it as such, but it had happened. It was real, and she shuddered at the thought. She was glad, at the very least, to have escaped the filthy tattered dress which she had worn to the Masquerade and into a vested chemisette, trousers, and boots, all provided by the Captain of the crew. "}, "post-95027": {"user": "Karolai Ferenc", "user_num": 3575, "timestamp": "1580508298000", "message": "Really the coincidental nature of the recent events only added to the furor of the young Egyszer. It was all... well, so surreal. This wasn't really helped by the fact Karolai had no sleep, every moment he was upright being a fight for consciousness into which much effort had to be placed. His eyelids felt as though they had whole counterweights tied to them and he was clearly overcompensating in an effort to look fresh faced and alert. As his rage coalesced he was perhaps lucky that at least the redness entering his skin masked the redness of his eyes given there was no longer a start contrast between them.\u00a0Heads turned at his indignant outburst, though Hilda quickly spoke reason. It became very apparent to the lad he was being a childish fool, and that indeed this likely meant he would just be used as a toy to extort his father for much money. If that really happened then he knew the old man would have rage unseen upon his return and it would be years before he would be allowed to leave the castle properly again. The red in his face softened to a pink of embarrassment and shame instead of anger, and he walked a bit aside to get out of view of most people aboard it in hopes they would turn their attentions elsewhere. Truth was, now he had likely made a threat for himself not only of the pirates, but of the crew too. Many present could easily babble about what he said in hopes they'd be free, or if they later crossed paths then recognizing Karolai they could once more take advantage of their knowledge. Truth was he now only had one person he could vaguely trust, that being Hilda given the bit of selfless advice she gave him.\u00a0Karolai drew his one messer, giving it an experimental twist here and there to get re-accustomed to its weight and balance. \"Well, then.\" he said. \"We pretend to be normal passengers, I suppose? I reckon you too would fetch a pretty penny.\"\u00a0The ship of the Uskoks had closed in enough that the whites of their eyes could be seen, the boat being lightning fast. \"Ahoy!\" it's captain called out in a heavily accented common. \"I suggest you slow down me boys, lest I be forced to give you a volley. It says here on my chit that you haven't paid your dues, would you be so kind as to explain why that is? I believe we may have to unfortunately take this vessel in entirety as compensation for the safety we provide in patrolling these waters, I do hope no nastiness will come of this!\" The Uskok ship was only slightly longer than the Queen Marice, but it was taller to accommodate a whole extra deck and hence a whole extra line of ballistae. At the same time, it seemed to have rather sparse crew. This gave hope to the sailors of the Queen Marice, though the Captain wasn't so eager to start fighting. He didn't respond for now, only steering and gauging the will to fight of his vessel's passengers.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Really the coincidental nature of the recent events only added to the furor of the young Egyszer. It was all... well, so surreal. This wasn't really helped by the fact Karolai had no sleep, every moment he was upright being a fight for consciousness into which much effort had to be placed. His eyelids felt as though they had whole counterweights tied to them and he was clearly overcompensating in an effort to look fresh faced and alert. As his rage coalesced he was perhaps lucky that at least the redness entering his skin masked the redness of his eyes given there was no longer a start contrast between them.\u00a0"}, "post-95038": {"user": "Hilda Vera de Rond\u00f3n", "user_num": 3571, "timestamp": "1580533046000", "message": "Hilda's heart sank upon seeing the young prince's wrath slowly transform into humiliation and embarrassment and turned to see the faces of the crew contemplate him, as well, suddenly wishing she could prevent it from occurring just as it did. Hilda needed him to remain steady with his anger if they were to have a chance at winning in this fight. In her mind, she acknowledged that as a lady of Rondon, she could also be ransomed back to her noble charge. However, with their whereabouts unknown, she could scarcely consider herself one at the moment. Moreover, Hilda could hardly admit to her noble lineage as heedlessly as he had, even whilst irritably deprived of food and sleep. The air was tense with a foreboding over the likelihood of a deadlock between themselves and the pirate crew, and the Captain was dormant, proving himself to be a rather ineffective leader. Hilda clasped the hilt of her saber with a newfound intensity as her chest puffed with purpose. It was her turn to become fervid with righteous fury. The youth climbed up on the ledge of the ship and began to climb the rope. Then, she held the saber out and looked the pirate Captain in the eye, even as her heart skipped a beat. What the hell was she getting herself into?! \"Ahoy! Avast ye!\" The pirates had yet to give them no quarter, as there was no red flag being flown with their blackjack on their massive Man-O-War, which meant they were still quite willing to show them mercy. \"The scuttlebutt of these seas speaks well of the Uskok. 'Tis an honor, and a pleasure to stand before ye seadogs of renown, an' pardon me for taking a wee moment in admiring ye mighty vessel! We humble sailors of the \"Queen Marice\" be on an Imperial mission of import and must make timely haste. As ye be well aware, to seize a vessel carrying precious imperial cargo is a crime against the empire itself!\" Hilda paused, allowing the fact to sink in, before continuing. \"Yet, for any ship found to have aided an imperial envoy should be nobly rewarded with more than a mere 'pieces o' eight'! Blow the man down if ye must, but know that it might fancy ye to avoid feeding the fish, today. For those that wish to take a risk a dance on the hempen jig, batten down yer hatches. The men and women of this here crew are prepared to defend her to their very last breath!\" Hilda roared with her last breath, causing the crew to react by shouting their support in return. Being surrounded by Rondi sailors back home helped tremendously with her accent.\u00a0She merely hoped the pirates wouldn't call her bluff.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Hilda's heart sank upon seeing the young prince's wrath slowly transform into humiliation and embarrassment and turned to see the faces of the crew contemplate him, as well, suddenly wishing she could prevent it from occurring just as it did. Hilda needed him to remain steady with his anger if they were to have a chance at winning in this fight. "}, "post-95083": {"user": "Karolai Ferenc", "user_num": 3575, "timestamp": "1580610634000", "message": "Karolai learned from his father of leadership, and even though he had not much experience actually leading he still had to concur with Hilda's summation of the Captain. It seemed he wasn't actually a sailor himself, rather just a businessman with a boat that he steered himself rather than delegating this to hired sailors. As the Uskoks approached Karolai found some fear in himself. He had used his blade before, but these weren't just rabble before him. These were men terrorizing an area of water perhaps as large as the entire Empire. He might get a few lucky swings, perhaps even a good chop to end the days of one of the pirates, but ultimately he foresaw his head ending up as being the decoration of a pointy stick if truly a fight broke out. Some of the sailors of the Queen Marice looked like quite hefty men and women that would certainly give what they got, but they had the same problem as Karol; they weren't true paramilitaries like the men accosting them. Turning his head a little the young Prince examined Hilda, and the sheepish way she looked at her sabre feeling apologetic. It was a joint effort that got the duo to their predicament, but with the cavalier attitude drilled into him Karl couldn't help but feel responsible for the potential death or life in captivity Hilda might end up with after this. Still, there was a chance this was all pessimism. The lad took a two handed grip on his blade, raising it for a quick kiss to be followed by a short prayer to whoever might be listening. There was a chance, there was always a chance they'd beat the pirates if it came to a fight. In the corner of his eye the Egyszer saw somebody loading a heavy crannequin crossbow, which he suspected would be the start to the fighting.\u00a0But... it wouldn't be. As Karolai twisted his neck this way and that in stretches that he'd seen other warriors do before battle, Hilda spoke up. Nobody, absolutely nobody foresaw what she said, and a sailor of the Queen Marice quite literally soiled himself at the sounds. The Captain wanted to interject, but he was far too late and knew that to go against her story would simply now be to dig a grave a metre deeper. There was for him at least the small (in fact microscopic) positive that all attention was on the lass for at least everyone wouldn't be able to see they could fill a bucket with the sweat dripping off of him. Even the Uskoks previously so bold and smug had all the wind punched right out of them. After about a moment their Captain realized that his furry jaw was hanging and with a snapping noise he shut it, trying to regain composure. The man puffed his chest out and stuck out his chin with a puff of mustache hanging down either side of his face. Yes, he wouldn't be getting a chance to loot this ship. But somewhere in this red haired girl's speech he had heard the word reward, and was very eager to pursue that word. \"So be it, then!\" the man announced. \"An escort we shall be, then! It is mostly Uskoks here, but Southlander pirates are at times unwise enough to venture here. Wouldn't want honourable servants of the Empire to find themselves caught by assailed so close to the end of their journey, am I right boys?\" A series of cheers followed.With that from the sails and from lower decks emerged a great many more sailors of the Uskok vessel, clearly hidden intentionally until now. They went to man the vessel letting the Queen Marice a slight lead, albeit not a very large one to insure they wouldn't miss out on the promised reward. Her Captain called out for a first mate to grab the steering wheel, before running down to Hilda. He was about to scream, but realized that would give away the conspiracy just in time to not exclaim. Rather calmly - albeit with frustration showing in his eyes - the man spoke up. \"Alright me lass, I would like a very concise explanation of what you think you're doing. So we'll get to port, and then what? We can pawn off all we have here up to the clothes on our back and maybe get enough money to have this 'reward' to hand over, but what when someone blabs or they see we're not on some mission? You think them following us up the shore and cutting our throats in our sleep a few days later is worth while? What when they realize they were duped and some day later catch us again not caring we paid up the passage fees?\" Of course, the Captain was perhaps not realizing that most of these worries did not apply to Hilda, Karolai, and the many others who if remaining sane would likely have no desire to cross these same lands again. Karolai wanted to speak up, but he really didn't know what to say. The boy knew something of those wizards that spoke about there being an infinite amount of worlds, with an infinite amount of possibilities. What had transpired was so unthinkable though, that he reckoned they would not be able to dream up a single universe in which it had happened. Yet it had, and while the repetition of just how unexpected what happened was wouldn't do the young man any good it still amazed him what an extraordinary woman he had come to travel with.\u00a0", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Karolai learned from his father of leadership, and even though he had not much experience actually leading he still had to concur with Hilda's summation of the Captain. It seemed he wasn't actually a sailor himself, rather just a businessman with a boat that he steered himself rather than delegating this to hired sailors. As the Uskoks approached Karolai found some fear in himself. He had used his blade before, but these weren't just rabble before him. These were men terrorizing an area of water perhaps as large as the entire Empire. He might get a few lucky swings, perhaps even a good chop to end the days of one of the pirates, but ultimately he foresaw his head ending up as being the decoration of a pointy stick if truly a fight broke out. Some of the sailors of the Queen Marice looked like quite hefty men and women that would certainly give what they got, but they had the same problem as Karol; they weren't true paramilitaries like the men accosting them. Turning his head a little the young Prince examined Hilda, and the sheepish way she looked at her sabre feeling apologetic. It was a joint effort that got the duo to their predicament, but with the cavalier attitude drilled into him Karl couldn't help but feel responsible for the potential death or life in captivity Hilda might end up with after this. Still, there was a chance this was all pessimism. The lad took a two handed grip on his blade, raising it for a quick kiss to be followed by a short prayer to whoever might be listening. There was a chance, there was always a chance they'd beat the pirates if it came to a fight. In the corner of his eye the Egyszer saw somebody loading a heavy crannequin crossbow, which he suspected would be the start to the fighting.\u00a0"}, "post-95105": {"user": "Hilda Vera de Rond\u00f3n", "user_num": 3571, "timestamp": "1580622511000", "message": "Hilda's stomach sank as the outcome of her bet revealed itself in the best possible way and the worst. As the cheers died off from the pirate vessel, Queen Marice sailed forth unscathed and whole, but the pirates followed closely behind, unable to pass on the opportunity to collect on her promised reward. Although she had successfully prevented a fight, and therefore any loss of life, they were still in danger. It took several moments of deep breathing to not lose her cool; that speech had taken everything out of her, and then some. As she climbed down from the rigging, her hands shook. Her heart fluttered as she met the silent stares of the crew. As the Captain gave his steely response, and in her emotional state had the nerve to look up into his face. \"Someone had to keep us all from getting killed,\" she hissed with a glare. \"I have just bought us all some time. What happens to you because of your unpaid dues is none of my concern, Captain. Perhaps you had best get underway with developing a proper strategy to get us all out of this mess, lest the wrath of the Egyszer King falls upon your head, as well as those pirates.\" She pushed the saber in her hand into the hands of another and sat on a barrel before her knees gave out from under her.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Hilda's stomach sank as the outcome of her bet revealed itself in the best possible way and the worst. As the cheers died off from the pirate vessel, Queen Marice sailed forth unscathed and whole, but the pirates followed closely behind, unable to pass on the opportunity to collect on her promised reward. Although she had successfully prevented a fight, and therefore any loss of life, they were still in danger. It took several moments of deep breathing to not lose her cool; that speech had taken everything out of her, and then some. As she climbed down from the rigging, her hands shook. Her heart fluttered as she met the silent stares of the crew. As the Captain gave his steely response, and in her emotional state had the nerve to look up into his face. \"Someone had to keep us all from getting killed,\" she hissed with a glare. \"I have just bought us all some time. What happens to you because of your unpaid dues is none of my concern, Captain. Perhaps you had best get underway with developing a proper strategy to get us all out of this mess, lest the wrath of the Egyszer King falls upon your head, as well as those pirates.\" She pushed the saber in her hand into the hands of another and sat on a barrel before her knees gave out from under her."}, "post-95122": {"user": "Karolai Ferenc", "user_num": 3575, "timestamp": "1580688538000", "message": "The sweaty Captain scoffed at the rebuttal he faced. \"Killed tomorrow isn't much better than killed today!\" he reasoned, forehead wrinkling with indignation. But at the mention of King Ottokar, he man let out a light growl before staring at Karolai who in turn raised either hand placatingly. Shaking his head the rotund Captain climbed up some rigging himself so his crew could hear, before speaking. \"Everyone fork over your money to the Quartermaster. Fork over your gold, your silver, your jewelry; everything we can sell quickly. If you don't then you'll get tied up and thrown overboard where those buggers can't see what we've done, you mark my words!\" With that he hopped down, and got back to the steering with an impressive grumbling under his breath.\u00a0With the Captain going off on his own way Karolai ran towards the worn out Hilda, kneeling by the barrel she sat upon. He should have asked her if she needed water after that speech, or if the sun was too much, but really there was something occupying all of his mind. \"Well. You're full of surprises!\" Karl noted. Realizing he was being rather ungentlemanly, but also that it was too late to try and interject some self sacrifice to the girl. Instead he simply decided to go on with discussing the next step for the two whose fates for now seemed so very closely intertwined. \"When we get to harbour... what do we do?\" he asked, keeping his voice low lest something be mentioned they wouldn't want the Captain or other crewmembers to overhear. \"We could just leg it. The moment the gangplank drops we run, get to the first stables we can find and nick a horse. It depends where the Captain decides to go, but I know some Free Cities not too far we could rest. Then of course, it'd be only a day, maybe two to ride to Logosu to my father's palace. The man'll grumble but he'll send you with an armed escort to your family.\"\u00a0", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "The sweaty Captain scoffed at the rebuttal he faced. \"Killed tomorrow isn't much better than killed today!\" he reasoned, forehead wrinkling with indignation. But at the mention of King Ottokar, he man let out a light growl before staring at Karolai who in turn raised either hand placatingly. Shaking his head the rotund Captain climbed up some rigging himself so his crew could hear, before speaking. \"Everyone fork over your money to the Quartermaster. Fork over your gold, your silver, your jewelry; everything we can sell quickly. If you don't then you'll get tied up and thrown overboard where those buggers can't see what we've done, you mark my words!\" With that he hopped down, and got back to the steering with an impressive grumbling under his breath.\u00a0"}, "post-95124": {"user": "Hilda Vera de Rond\u00f3n", "user_num": 3571, "timestamp": "1580691761000", "message": "As the ship sailed they could feel the warm breeze against their skin, which helped to ease Hilda's wired nerves. She could not help a small smile over Karol's wholesome reaction, however. Then he went on to try at some sort of plan to get out of all this. \"An excellent suggestion, your highness, but I do not think we should stay put until we reach the harbor,\" she lamented. \"We should take a raft in the night to avoid any trouble from the Captain, or the Pirates on our tail. They may yet catch onto our bluff, and the Captain... well, who knows what he might try. We can rest up until then. What say you?\"", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "As the ship sailed they could feel the warm breeze against their skin, which helped to ease Hilda's wired nerves. She could not help a small smile over Karol's wholesome reaction, however. Then he went on to try at some sort of plan to get out of all this. \"An excellent suggestion, your highness, but I do not think we should stay put until we reach the harbor,\" she lamented. \"We should take a raft in the night to avoid any trouble from the Captain, or the Pirates on our tail. They may yet catch onto our bluff, and the Captain... well, who knows what he might try. We can rest up until then. What say you?\""}, "post-95143": {"user": "Karolai Ferenc", "user_num": 3575, "timestamp": "1580763053000", "message": "Karolai giggled a little about being referred to as \"your highness.\" In the very depths of his heart he enjoyed it, for even if there was a potential hint of sarcasm it was still a padding of the ego. With that said, at the surface of his personality Karolai did not like the words and made sure to point it out. \"Please! 'Your highness' was my father; call me 'your moderation'.\" the young Egyszer jested, glad to see that Hilda was in better spirits. The lad drummed his fingers on his knee at the counter-proposal he got. Well there was certainly reason enough in it. He leaned over the side of vessel, noting several smaller boats tied to the side with oars within. \"Well... it's risky, but I suppose so is staying and deciding to see what our little friends do with us. So, rest until midnight, then we're off?\"", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Karolai giggled a little about being referred to as \"your highness.\" In the very depths of his heart he enjoyed it, for even if there was a potential hint of sarcasm it was still a padding of the ego. With that said, at the surface of his personality Karolai did not like the words and made sure to point it out. \"Please! 'Your highness' was my father; call me 'your moderation'.\" the young Egyszer jested, glad to see that Hilda was in better spirits. "}, "post-95176": {"user": "Hilda Vera de Rond\u00f3n", "user_num": 3571, "timestamp": "1580800732000", "message": "Hilda smiled and nodded at Karol. It seemed that it was one thing after another, yet felt confident that with him, they would overcome. She wouldn't admit to how frightened she felt; that much he observed by the uncertain glances and nervous ticks. But she would continue putting on a brave face, as she always did during tricky circumstances, such as the one they currently faced.In the sleeping quarters, Hilda somehow managed to relax and fall asleep, where she dreamt of a dreary dream. The pair made their way to the raft on which they would make their escape under the dazzling light of the moon. They began to row away from Queen Marice on the sea, only to be discovered by the malicious marauders and apprehended. A shrill shriek pierced the air as the Uskoks carved into Karolai's face, and she realized the voice came from her as they laughed. Once healed would be indefinitely unrecognizable as the Egyszer Prince.Hilda awoke with a start, reeling as her hands frantically reached out. They found Karol, who stood over her as he woke her with a gentle shake. Upon seeing that his appearance was still as elegant as ever, she let out a thankful sigh. \"Ay, Santa Zephyra,\" she gasped, eyes darting as she recalled the terrible images of the Prince's bloodied face, \"I had the most horrid dream!\" She whispered loudly, careful not to disturb the sleeping sailors all around.\u00a0\"We were taken by those pirate bastards and and and they cut up your wonderful face. Karola, what if we do get captured? What if we get hurt?\" Hilda's eyes were suddenly on his, searching and pleading, and suddenly afraid. \"Perhaps I was foolish to say we should leave. I do not know what I was thinking. Let us stay here, shall we?\"", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Hilda smiled and nodded at Karol. It seemed that it was one thing after another, yet felt confident that with him, they would overcome. She wouldn't admit to how frightened she felt; that much he observed by the uncertain glances and nervous ticks. But she would continue putting on a brave face, as she always did during tricky circumstances, such as the one they currently faced."}, "post-95266": {"user": "Karolai Ferenc", "user_num": 3575, "timestamp": "1580974247000", "message": "The two managed to come to agreement on their next course of action and Karolai was very glad of that fact. When your life is in the balance, resolve is very important. Admittedly, Karolai did not have too much experience with life and death situations. However, it was a conclusion that wasn't particularly hard to come to. The young Prince took the burden of properly getting ready for the escape to come on himself. He didn't properly go to sleep, making sure he took a series of small naps but never true sleep lest he rest for too long. When he awoke for the last time, the rest of the crew was largely asleep and thus his playthings. A set of keys were lifted, and with a bit of climbing along the vessel's sides he got to the Captain's cabin to open a small chest containing the gold the boy had used to buy this trip for himself and Hilda. After a thought and dismissal of initial reservations that it wouldn't be fair, he also took a map, telescope, a waterskin, a bottle of rum, and the man's unfinished dinner packed neatly into the chest, before slinging along a sword and hand-crossbow too. A veritable survival kit, at least in the eyes of someone never  having to do much real survival. Climbing back with the chest was much, much harder. He couldn't really hold it, so instead he squeezed it to the wood of the ship while slowly moving along until he could drop the chest into one of the small boats at the side of the ship. Climbing back on the deck, the young Egyszer made sure nobody heard or saw him before tip-toeing to Hilda.He almost came upon the wrong woman, thanking whoever might listen for giving wisdom to get more acquainted with the darkness before shaking the first red haired girl he found awake. Eventually he found the right one, and gave one tap, then two then three. Eventually he realized after what they had been through her sleep would be very deep, and by some movements he saw in her he could guess she was entranced in a dream. Karl gave her a shake, and she awoke with a start. She was quick enough to make sure not to make too much noise, although nevertheless the lad demonstratively put a finger to his lips. Once more the curious paradox came to Karolai wherein his ego was padded, but with all his ideology and convictions he had to show humility. Then, he realized all that was nonsense distracting from the fact the two were in very grave danger. \"Yeah, it was a dream because that's the only place my face is 'wonderful'. Get up!\" he hissed, motioning with a hand. \"It's too late to back out. I stole things, and the luck that let me get away with that has run out so I won't get to put them back without being caught. Let's go! I've already decided I'm going. I might get away, but without a pair of hands to help row I might not make it to shore. If I do, though, you might end up with a lot of explaining to do and no friends to help. Come on!\" Karolai spoke fast, his voice carelessly increasing with volume as some panic set in. Hilda having second thoughts was not good, and he tried as fast as possible to convince her to go through with the escape going from several angles be it the argument she would suffer alone if they didn't work together, or that regardless guilt for Karl's death would fall on her. In truth Karolai knew he couldn't just leave her like that, but for the sake of their escape he had to make sure she didn't know this.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "The two managed to come to agreement on their next course of action and Karolai was very glad of that fact. When your life is in the balance, resolve is very important. Admittedly, Karolai did not have too much experience with life and death situations. However, it was a conclusion that wasn't particularly hard to come to. "}, "post-95274": {"user": "Hilda Vera de Rond\u00f3n", "user_num": 3571, "timestamp": "1581015421000", "message": "\"Alright, alright, alright,\" Hilda groused, trying to calm Karolai, who seemed to have lost his senses, \"let's go.\" With his eyes bloodshot, she wondered if he had slept at all, and began to worry. If she still felt deprived, he must've felt much worse. She went with him, mind shot and eyes anxiously wandering as they silently skulked past the dormant crew and hurried behind the one patrolling sailor on deck. A few jittery breaths went by ere they finally reached their raft, and she helped to lower it onto the rough black water below. She rowed with a vengeance, her restless brain believing they would be overwhelmed by the ship if they didn't move away from it fast enough. She rowed beyond the point of her arms going numb and seeing the ships disappear beyond the dark sky. As her eyes watered, it seemed as though she was trying to escape something more than physical danger. ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "\"Alright, alright, alright,\" Hilda groused, trying to calm Karolai, who seemed to have lost his senses, \"let's go.\" With his eyes bloodshot, she wondered if he had slept at all, and began to worry. If she still felt deprived, he must've felt much worse. She went with him, mind shot and eyes anxiously wandering as they silently skulked past the dormant crew and hurried behind the one patrolling sailor on deck. A few jittery breaths went by ere they finally reached their raft, and she helped to lower it onto the rough black water below. She rowed with a vengeance, her restless brain believing they would be overwhelmed by the ship if they didn't move away from it fast enough. She rowed beyond the point of her arms going numb and seeing the ships disappear beyond the dark sky. As her eyes watered, it seemed as though she was trying to escape something more than physical danger. "}, "post-95303": {"user": "Karolai Ferenc", "user_num": 3575, "timestamp": "1581042933000", "message": "Karolai relaxed somewhat as Hilda agreed. \"Good.\" was all that he could say, wiping away a bead of sweat that formed in the previous few moments of powerful emotion. The crew was for the most part sleeping, only a few men left to tend to the sails and rigging as well as two men left to steer and a sing guard about. But it was still enough to potentially have the duo's escape noticed and to have them hence have their lives - or, at least ones that were very pleasant - ended. A pause here, a crouch there, and some luck everywhere insured the two safely got into the boat Karolai placed the chest in and with his messer Karl cut the ropes holding the rowboat to the Queen Marice. Their rowboat fell and it was in this moment Karolai had realized he didn't think of the very loud splash that was produced. He climbed back up the deck, and peered over finding to his delight that nobody seemed to overhear what had happened. The young Egyszer jumped back down, and took off his boot to scoop out and then pour out some of the water they took in. With their excess weight out, Karolai picked up a paddle and thus the two rowed. \"You know I'm glad Dorika didn't agree to come to the ball. If she did, right now she'd be sitting right there in front of us with her arms crossed and pointing out how I'm rowing wrong.\" a joke, hopefully to diffuse the tenseness of the situation. Everything was a haze, and Karolai though that he might have come off too strong upon Hilda back in the sleeping quarters... he didn't really remember.They made it to the shore, the Prince pulling up the boat further onto the sand until he realized they wouldn't really need it anymore. In fact, chances were that the boat would only give away where they landed if the Uskoks or the Captain were to really desire to find them. Thus he removed the chest and then gave the rowboat a few kicks before it went into the water, and drifted along the shore. \"Well, we're safe, I suppose.\" the lad announced. He removed the map from the chest, and cursed himself for not bringing a compass along. Well, they knew where the sun set and rose and that would do for now. \"Hungry?\" Karol asked. He rummaged further in the chest, removing the waterskin and taking a few swigs. \"Thinking of sleeping 'til morning, try to go inland and find a road from there. We'll have no problem getting a horse I think, and then as first planned it's just a day or two ride.\" ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "<div>Karolai relaxed somewhat as Hilda agreed. \"Good.\" was all that he could say, wiping away a bead of sweat that formed in the previous few moments of powerful emotion. The crew was for the most part sleeping, only a few men left to tend to the sails and rigging as well as two men left to steer and a sing guard about. But it was still enough to potentially have the duo's escape noticed and to have them hence have their lives - or, at least ones that were very pleasant - ended. A pause here, a crouch there, and some luck everywhere insured the two safely got into the boat Karolai placed the chest in and with his messer Karl cut the ropes holding the rowboat to the Queen Marice. <br/></div>"}, "post-95322": {"user": "Hilda Vera de Rond\u00f3n", "user_num": 3571, "timestamp": "1581097766000", "message": "When they reached the sandy shores, Hilda was grateful to be back on land but was all too distracted by the likelihood of Queen Marice coming after them. Now that Karolai had so wisely chosen to take back what was once his, their coverage was gone. Now Queen Marice had nothing to give the pirates that were coming after them. Hilda paced back and forth as Karolai busied himself with the chest, then froze when he asked if she was hungry. \"Am I hungry,\" she repeated, her head flipping around to glare before turning and marching toward him. Yes, she was hungry. Yes, she was tired and thirsty. But there was a pressing matter at the front of her mind. She began to pick up driftwood and throw it at him. \"Eres un idiota! Do you not realize what you have done? They might have kept going with that gold in their possession. Now they will surely come back to us! I am not sure if you remember how many sailors were on that ship. Did you also conveniently forget about the pirates behind them? Did you even take a nap to think about it first? I should just tie you up and leave you here for them! I am certain that they will be most happy to fight over who gets to claim the royal pup! That will give me enough time to get away!\" ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "When they reached the sandy shores, Hilda was grateful to be back on land but was all too distracted by the likelihood of Queen Marice coming after them. Now that Karolai had so wisely chosen to take back what was once his, their coverage was gone. Now Queen Marice had nothing to give the pirates that were coming after them. Hilda paced back and forth as Karolai busied himself with the chest, then froze when he asked if she was hungry. \"Am I hungry,\" she repeated, her head flipping around to glare before turning and marching toward him. Yes, she was hungry. Yes, she was tired and thirsty. But there was a pressing matter at the front of her mind. She began to pick up driftwood and throw it at him. \"Eres un idiota! Do you not realize what you have done? They might have kept going with that gold in their possession. Now they will surely come back to us! I am not sure if you remember how many sailors were on that ship. Did you also conveniently forget about the pirates behind them? Did you even take a nap to think about it first? I should just tie you up and leave you here for them! I am certain that they will be most happy to fight over who gets to claim the royal pup! That will give me enough time to get away!\" "}, "post-95371": {"user": "Karolai Ferenc", "user_num": 3575, "timestamp": "1581191090000", "message": "\"Ow-ow, stop! Stop it!\" Karolai said, covering his head and rather ineffectually trying to swipe away thrown chunks of wood. \"I don't know what the first words were but I can tell they weren't very nice.\" the lad continued, waiting until the throwing stopped to speak up properly.\u00a0\"Look, calm down. They won't realize what was stolen until morning, and by then they'll have far bigger problems than us. Now, if we go out in the dark we'll surely get caught by the highwaymen and other bastards that go about these lands when the hour is late. They will take our money, belongings and then leave my pretty face ripped apart anyway; fine company can't mention what fate you might meet. Besides, with all the time we were under the deck and the turns they took while we were there I do not remember where East and West are, nor North and South. Do you? I'd rather wait until morning so we can find our bearings, find a town without every moment being under threat of banditry. 'sides, I'm just about to run out of consciousness to give. If you think you can somehow get to safety now, though, you're welcome to try. I know I can't right now, but I'm not much really.\"\u00a0", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "\"Ow-ow, stop! Stop it!\" Karolai said, covering his head and rather ineffectually trying to swipe away thrown chunks of wood. \"I don't know what the first words were but I can tell they weren't very nice.\" the lad continued, waiting until the throwing stopped to speak up properly.\u00a0"}, "post-95373": {"user": "Hilda Vera de Rond\u00f3n", "user_num": 3571, "timestamp": "1581193443000", "message": "Hilda glared at the prince, almost grinding her teeth as her jaw clenched, lips pressed together in a bitter line. The temptation to let go of everything she had been holding back was impossibly strong and grew like adding kindling to a fire. The years of pretending she was a simple lady instead of the heir of the Silverfire, and fire of the rebellion. That she couldn't read the stars for directions, or foretell the weather based on the shape of the clouds and the position of a tree. The pit in her stomach swelled to think that she couldn't for the sake of keeping a false identity. She began to wonder if it even mattered, anymore. There was little hope of ever going home, now.  But he was right. They couldn't find bandits or highwaymen. Their best chance was to stay put and rest.Hilda slumped down into the sand, arms around her knees, defeated and teary-eyed. She hadn't meant anything she'd said; to tie him up and leave him behind. There wasn't any way or any scenario she found herself betraying Karol. They were in it together now, whether they liked it or not. \"Got any food in that chest,\" she sniffed. ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Hilda glared at the prince, almost grinding her teeth as her jaw clenched, lips pressed together in a bitter line. The temptation to let go of everything she had been holding back was impossibly strong and grew like adding kindling to a fire. "}, "post-95376": {"user": "Karolai Ferenc", "user_num": 3575, "timestamp": "1581200942000", "message": "\"Thank you.\" Karolai said once the wood throwing stopped. He picked out a few splinters and bits of sand now in his hair, before shaking his head much like a dog freshly out of water. He looked at Hilda, who's anger seemed to subside. The girl seemed to stop to do some strong thinking, and to be frank given the reaction moments ago he was a little frightened to disturb her and instead he just observed. The lad did feel a little pity though as it seemed that - much in a mirror of his own tantrum back on the ship - the end of anger would be announced by sorrow. But she didn't say anything to the effect, and thus he couldn't really react to it with a \"there-there\" or a pat on the shoulder.\u00a0Instead, all he did was oblige when she asked if there was food in the chest. \"Yeah, the Captain had a dinner he didn't finish, wrapped it in the table spread.\" and to demonstrate he removed the round improvised satchel. Untying it revealed a little black bread with cheese, dried meat and fruits, and half an onion; the Captain hadn't spared any money on preventing scurvy and other mariner's ailments for himself. \"There's also this if you don't water.\" Karolai continued, removing the bottle of rum. He wasn't much of a drinker himself, although to be frank he'd never even had rum before. He didn't have much of a taste for the strong stuff his father insisted he swill \"to make a man out of you.\" But this was clearly a fine thing given that even while still sealed it had a gravitating aroma. \"But I don't think waking up with a headache as though clobbered with a rock is wise. Probably best to keep it to bribe some bastard. Perhaps I'll make a gift of it to my father, it might help make his face just pink rather than red with fury when seeing him.\"", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "\"Thank you.\" Karolai said once the wood throwing stopped. He picked out a few splinters and bits of sand now in his hair, before shaking his head much like a dog freshly out of water. He looked at Hilda, who's anger seemed to subside. The girl seemed to stop to do some strong thinking, and to be frank given the reaction moments ago he was a little frightened to disturb her and instead he just observed. The lad did feel a little pity though as it seemed that - much in a mirror of his own tantrum back on the ship - the end of anger would be announced by sorrow. But she didn't say anything to the effect, and thus he couldn't really react to it with a \"there-there\" or a pat on the shoulder.\u00a0"}, "post-95417": {"user": "Hilda Vera de Rond\u00f3n", "user_num": 3571, "timestamp": "1581300601000", "message": "Hilda realized how cold it truly was when she began to shiver, feeling it most in her hands and feet, where she was still wet from the ocean spray. All that sneaking around and running for their lives had been a real distraction from it. Hilda's jaw dropped as Karol unrolled the makeshift reticule, her eyes slack and long with bewilderment. She couldn't decide whether to adore or abhor the prince's careless savagery. On the one hand, it showed incredible resourcefulness under strenuous circumstances. On the other, it was disgusting. One moment, Hilda thought she should refuse to eat from the scraps of a common criminal. The next, she realized she was running on fumes. Already having refused to eat the revolting grey gruel the sailors had called food the days they had been on that dreadful ship. It wasn't strange for a lady to forego meals for the sake of a better figure, although Hilda never had to do so herself. Nevertheless, her stomach growled; hunger won over pride. It took great self-control not to snatch the meal from the prince's hands, humbly accepting it before scarfing everything down but the bread and helping it with a swig of rum. The warmth in her belly spread. \"They will not be paying any attention to it when they see this fancy chest we carrying with us,\" she lamented, gesturing at the thing before handing the rum back to him, \"come, now, have some yourself. You will be needing it if you are to somehow keep warm without a proper fire and I do not think you are a pyromancer. Besides, we must celebrate our successful escape.\"Whether he drank or not was up to him, but Hilda soon found herself looking up at the moon. \"Is your father truly so... boorish? I worry for mine. I wonder if he made it out alive...\" ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Hilda realized how cold it truly was when she began to shiver, feeling it most in her hands and feet, where she was still wet from the ocean spray. All that sneaking around and running for their lives had been a real distraction from it. "}, "post-95442": {"user": "Karolai Ferenc", "user_num": 3575, "timestamp": "1581321468000", "message": "Still feeling a rush of energy from their escape, Karolai likewise started to feel the elements beating down on him after seeing the shivers in Hilda. The Egyszer cursed quietly, trying his best to hide the sudden feeling of cold that overcame him. For the most part he was able to force down the shivers save for an occasional chatter of his jaw. It was hard work looking all cavalier when your body did not really want to cooperate, but Karl promised to himself he'd do his best. Raising a golden eyebrow as Hilda took a swig and then handed the bottle to Karolai, he paused while examining the thing. \"You know, alcohol gives a bit of a burn-like feeling, but really it lowers your body temperature, its funny what you remember from your tutors at times like these.\" Turning the bottle this way and that he shrugged. \"It's just a trick of the mind. But you know what, I think I could go for being tricked right about now.\" with that he took a heavy gulp of the stuff, closing his mouth with his hands as momentarily reflexes made him try to spit it out. Forcing the stuff down he looked with some confusion to Hilda as she asked her question, before he shrugged for a second time. \"I don't know. Maybe. Then again maybe its an act he puts up until he molds me into something he's satisfied with. He has the forcefulness of any other noble combined with the bluntness of a commoner. See, like me he ran off in his childhood whenever he could. But rather than traveling far and wide he spent time with the local peasants which has in a way... simplified life for him, I suppose? To be honest I can't pretend to know what goes in his head. He makes a showing of himself as an old-fashioned barbarian, but I know he's more than that.\" Another gulp of the stuff, this one going down easier. \"I'd say don't worry, everything will be alright. But those bloodsuckers... I don't know. Even now I'm frightened maybe they got some of their evil teeth into me that I haven't noticed, maybe some into you.\" As he said the words, Karol was glad he saw his counterpart eating the remains of the Captain's dinner; it meant he wasn't on the menu.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Still feeling a rush of energy from their escape, Karolai likewise started to feel the elements beating down on him after seeing the shivers in Hilda. The Egyszer cursed quietly, trying his best to hide the sudden feeling of cold that overcame him. For the most part he was able to force down the shivers save for an occasional chatter of his jaw. It was hard work looking all cavalier when your body did not really want to cooperate, but Karl promised to himself he'd do his best. "}, "post-95454": {"user": "Hilda Vera de Rond\u00f3n", "user_num": 3571, "timestamp": "1581355443000", "message": "Hilda grinned, then laughed as Karol almost spit out the rum, covering her mouth as she did. It wasn't a perfectly artificial, harmonious laugh that sounded like bells chiming, like the practiced ladies of a court. Although short, and sweet, it was a proper belly laugh. It had been a long time since she'd had to falsely giggle at anything, and she didn't quite miss pretending to be amused at everything that wasn't in the least bit interesting. Hilda didn't care why the rum served to warm up their bones, only that it worked. She scooted closer to Karol, if only for the sake of being warmer. \"That is your first taste of rum, no?\" She smiled cheekily at him as he drank, again, accent growing thicker as the spirits began to flow. As Karol talked about his father, Hilda was suddenly reminded of his. He was gone now, but the account of the King resembled her own.\"Your father sounds like my father,\" she remarked, \"he was--is a humble and generous man, but also a bit of a brute,\" she laughed, but the smile fell quickly, although the warmth remained in her eyes as she spoke, as well as a yearning, \"but he loved the people, and the people love him, and my mother, too. He does everything for us, even if we are not to always understand his ways. I am certain he is hard on you because he loves you,\" She was careful not to make it sound as though she spoke of an entirely different set of parents as she reminisced. Then, she took another longer swig of the rum and sighed. \"I think we would have noticed if we were infected by now,\" she smiled but was serious again. \"I hope they made it out alive. I would hate to walk alone in the world with monsters like that walking among us. I still cannot believe they do.\"", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Hilda grinned, then laughed as Karol almost spit out the rum, covering her mouth as she did. It wasn't a perfectly artificial, harmonious laugh that sounded like bells chiming, like the practiced ladies of a court. Although short, and sweet, it was a proper belly laugh. It had been a long time since she'd had to falsely giggle at anything, and she didn't quite miss pretending to be amused at everything that wasn't in the least bit interesting. Hilda didn't care why the rum served to warm up their bones, only that it worked. She scooted closer to Karol, if only for the sake of being warmer. "}, "post-95534": {"user": "Karolai Ferenc", "user_num": 3575, "timestamp": "1581492738000", "message": "Karolai felt a little insulted at first as Hilda laughed, forehead creasing and eyes narrowing. But as the burn wore off he could see the humour of the event himself and chuckled softly. \"Oh yes, how could you tell? It was probably how I didn't hold the bottle properly.\" More gulps of the stuff followed, with the reasoning that one: it was getting easier and two: might as well get through the stuff now.\"Most parents sound alike to people our age, let's be frank.\" Karl said, sitting down with the chest to lean his back against. \"I suppose that must be the case. I'm his last hope what with mother being now of age, and my brothers being... well, I'm not the eldest but I'm still the successor.\" He could only nod as Hilda considered the vampires, thinking back to his own similar considerations back on the Queen Marice. \"It's why there's the Witch Hunters back home. Metaphorical monsters to hunt the literal ones.\" Turning his head back to the chest, Karolai lifted the lid and looked inside. \"Can tear the lining out, make a blanket of sorts I suppose. Not very thick, but soft and wide enough to stop the wind.\" ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Karolai felt a little insulted at first as Hilda laughed, forehead creasing and eyes narrowing. But as the burn wore off he could see the humour of the event himself and chuckled softly. \"Oh yes, how could you tell? It was probably how I didn't hold the bottle properly.\" More gulps of the stuff followed, with the reasoning that one: it was getting easier and two: might as well get through the stuff now."}, "post-95602": {"user": "Hilda Vera de Rond\u00f3n", "user_num": 3571, "timestamp": "1581741323000", "message": "\"Perhaps,\" she yawned, wondering in what world all parents sounded the same, but let it pass. The juxtapose of lacking experience in practical ways whilst concurrently carrying the world's weight on his shoulders was surprising yet anticipated. As was his father's favoritism towards him over his older brothers. She understood this as a child raised in the bubble of wealth and status, although her obligations were different as a lady. As she studied him at an angle, it dawned on her how apparent his juvenility suddenly was. Inquiries grew but were immediately lost in her hazy mind, eyes shutting and head bobbing involuntarily. She merely wished to lay her head down somewhere.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "<br>\"Perhaps,\" she yawned, wondering in what world all parents sounded the same, but let it pass. The juxtapose of lacking experience in practical ways whilst concurrently carrying the world's weight on his shoulders was surprising yet anticipated. As was his father's favoritism towards him over his older brothers. She understood this as a child raised in the bubble of wealth and status, although her obligations were different as a lady. As she studied him at an angle, it dawned on her how apparent his juvenility suddenly was. Inquiries grew but were immediately lost in her hazy mind, eyes shutting and head bobbing involuntarily. She merely wished to lay her head down somewhere.</br>"}, "post-95629": {"user": "Karolai Ferenc", "user_num": 3575, "timestamp": "1581894508000", "message": "Karolai took a final sip of the rum, before closing it, perhaps a little too self-assuredly deciding it was enough for the two of them. He turned to the chest, and finally did as he suggested by tearing out the lining, and then doing his best to cover the duo with it. \"Night, I suppose.\" he said, likely not giving much to response as almost immediately he fell asleep, snoring very softly.Morning came, and Karolai was rather grateful that they were too far away for any roosters to wake him early. He sat upright when finally awake, clearing his eyes and then simply staying in his position for quite a while as he properly regained consciousness. \"Morning.\" he would say to Hilda eventually as he stood and stretched. He looked at the sun and scratched his head. \"If we find a good road, we can hitch a ride I suppose. I think Stara Ribnica is not too far from here, if I remember everything right. We'll get a horse there easily enough and stay the night, though we can also get one to Augustgrad even if that'll be a longer trip. Ribnica is best, I think.\" the young Egyszer went to take a few sips from the waterskin, leaving some for Hilda. \"Should probably get you armed just so people don't think to take advantage of two helpless stragglers with a fat chest.\" to demonstrate, he handed her the sword he took from the Captain's cabin and gave it to Hilda before grabbing one of the chest's handles. \"Ready to go?\" ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Karolai took a final sip of the rum, before closing it, perhaps a little too self-assuredly deciding it was enough for the two of them. He turned to the chest, and finally did as he suggested by tearing out the lining, and then doing his best to cover the duo with it. \"Night, I suppose.\" he said, likely not giving much to response as almost immediately he fell asleep, snoring very softly."}, "post-95632": {"user": "Hilda Vera de Rond\u00f3n", "user_num": 3571, "timestamp": "1581899955000", "message": "Hilda woke in the middle of the night curled up to the prince and an arm around his torso. There was only the comfort of his warmth, and she held him closer. A dream from the night lingered in her mind. Pondering on its meaning to the soothing sounds of the waves as they crashed, her eyes fluttered closed again, and she was almost lulled back to sleep. Hilda's breath got caught as the nearness became obvious; she sprang away from him with a start, gasping. Karol remained fast asleep under the makeshift blanket.  She sighed, relieved that he hadn't woken up, and contemplated the tired boy from the man she met at the masquerade. Based on the dark circles of his eyes, and how she still felt, they would be needing a lot more food and rest if they were going to be going anywhere. Eyes trailed on him for a while before landing on his sword and got an idea. Hilda stood, kicked off her boots, and removed her vest and shirt, being left in nothing but her corset and borrowed pants. Then, she carefully borrowed the sword from him and ran to where the sea met the sand. Hilda was grateful for the many tales told by the more experienced members of her family for the things that she knew about angling. More importantly, she knew why it was so incredibly safe for people to swim at night based on the countless times she had done so herself. She closed her eyes and prayed to saint Zephyra for her guiding light, and a small twinkling spark materialized before her brow. There was no need to worry about fish predators as she dove into the nearly freezing waters of the cove, nearly shrieking at the shock, even prepared. She dove with some effort to fertile reefs where saltwater fish swam, illuminated by Her light. It had taken her many tries before she could snag the half a dozen fish stabbed haphazardly through sharp sticks over a fire on the beach by the time Karol finally awakened with so much enthusiasm. By that point the sun had risen, she had dried, put on her clothes, and returned the sword. Hilda looked up to the rambling boy tugging at the end of the chest, and waved a fish in the air at him, \"Hungry?\" ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Hilda woke in the middle of the night curled up to the prince and an arm around his torso. There was only the comfort of his warmth, and she held him closer. A dream from the night lingered in her mind. Pondering on its meaning to the soothing sounds of the waves as they crashed, her eyes fluttered closed again, and she was almost lulled back to sleep. "}, "post-95641": {"user": "Karolai Ferenc", "user_num": 3575, "timestamp": "1581917886000", "message": "Peacefully sleeping Karl would not have any clue of the feats Hilda was performing unbeknownst to him. He slept soundly with strong but meaningless dreams such that he wouldn't notice the embrace he got, and later its disappearance. Perhaps it was best for Hilda that she left to catch fish for as sleep progressed the boy would prove to be somewhat of a greedy sleeper when so tired, tossing and turning and hogging most of the impromptu blanket. But as day came, and he lifted the chest ready to spring into action, his look to the Rondi lass prompted him to first blink several times and then try to clear his eyes. No, his vision was not deceiving him, the girl had indeed managed to get a load of fish ready for the consumption. A thought going something like Holy shit. when translated to  words went through Karl's mind. He was about to respond \"no\", but before he could utter something so silly his stomach hurried to make a noise so as to reveal his own lie for its own sake. He could only grunt as he dropped the chest and ran forth to gorge himself making sure to make appreciative noises while masticating. As the smell of fish ran through the Prince's nostrils he couldn't help but notice he smelled like shite mere moments later. It was strange how even though used to the smell of a horse's arse he couldn't deal with his own body's smells. Yet another thought reminding him of his high status, Karol supposed.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Peacefully sleeping Karl would not have any clue of the feats Hilda was performing unbeknownst to him. He slept soundly with strong but meaningless dreams such that he wouldn't notice the embrace he got, and later its disappearance. Perhaps it was best for Hilda that she left to catch fish for as sleep progressed the boy would prove to be somewhat of a greedy sleeper when so tired, tossing and turning and hogging most of the impromptu blanket. "}, "post-95649": {"user": "Hilda Vera de Rond\u00f3n", "user_num": 3571, "timestamp": "1581952922000", "message": "\"Buenos dias,\" Hilda greeted and watched him with a coy glance as she licked her fingers clean. \"Rise and shine, Prince Karolai,\" she teased, grinning as he devoured the fish, feeling rather satisfied as he did so, \"slept well?\" There was something good to be felt when someone ate your food without complaint, although she couldn't imagine why he would when what he had been eating on that ship was taken into consideration. Nevertheless, she wasn't exactly fond of his table manners, albeit amusing. \"It is not exactly Silverfire Sea Bass but I suppose it will have to do,\" she taunted lightheartedly before finishing off her fish and played with her hair. At that point, she knew that it was completely untamed and frizzy from the moisture and there was no hope in making it look any better without a good brush and mirror. \"I do not think any sane persons are to question us looking the way that we do,\" she mourned.Even whilst covered in sand and filth, Lady Hilda did her best to maintain a refined demeanor, sitting perched with shoulders back, chin up, and legs tucked underneath her. Yet to abandon all of their normal customs and dictions gave her the butterflies, and it truly felt good; to not have to think about their societal duties for once, particularly as royalty, where all eyes were on you, watching and waiting for you to make the wrong move. It was exhausting. \"It is a good plan,\" she said, finally serious, but still light as she considered his first words that day, \"I suppose you are to know your country better than I. I reckon we should get a message sent out when we reach the town. Perhaps they can send a party for us.\" As she looked out to the enchanting sea, and the seagull's calls wavered over them, she smiled wistfully, and said, \"or we could simply stay lost.\"   ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "\"Buenos dias,\" Hilda greeted and watched him with a coy glance as she licked her fingers clean. "}, "post-95685": {"user": "Karolai Ferenc", "user_num": 3575, "timestamp": "1582013766000", "message": "\"Good day indeed.\" Karl replied, not knowing the words but knowing what they were without problem. \"Better than on the diamond crusted bed back home.\" he replied sarcastically, making sure to lick his fingers clean so that not a single drop of fishy oils and juices would be wasted. Karol paused about to take another bite when Hilda brought up how people were to see them. Realizing he didn't really care - especially when preoccuppied with other things - he only shrugged and continued. \"Probably not, all things considered. Still, I suppose its best I'll go for a quick dip just so I'm not quite literally oozing 'stuff.'\"With that, a few thoughts hit Karolai. Hilda for one didn't smell quite nearly as bad as he did, something he was skeptical about attributing to womanly grace. Yet she had also somehow managed to by now get this bountiful breakfast. He was indecisive about if he should pursue these trains of thought, until eventually curiosity won. \"Alright, how? Don't tell me something along the lines of 'it just washed up' with embellishment I'm not daft.\"At last, the lad pinched the bridge of his nose with a loud inhalation. \"I... I would really love to. But mother will get worried sick, and sweet Dorika too. Father of course will vent his frustration into bloodlust, neighbouring Lords will suddenly find Electoral Armies on their doorstep. I don't think your family is any different. They have to see us after they learn what happened, that we're not bloodsuckers ourselves now. Afterwards, maybe.\" ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "\"Good day indeed.\" Karl replied, not knowing the words but knowing what they were without problem. \"Better than on the diamond crusted bed back home.\" he replied sarcastically, making sure to lick his fingers clean so that not a single drop of fishy oils and juices would be wasted. "}, "post-95699": {"user": "Hilda Vera de Rond\u00f3n", "user_num": 3571, "timestamp": "1582069533000", "message": "Hilda's grin grew into a nervous smile as Karolai finally caved in to curiosity and asked how she had managed to catch their breakfast. \"I awoke, and could not get back to sleep. You were still sleeping like the dead--,\" she chortled, turning her hand in the air at him before hugging her arms, eyes wandering as she looked for anything to look at but his eyes, \"--I thought would be appropriate to go for a private swim and rid myself of this week's filth. It just so happens that the fish around here are remarkably friendly. You would think they have never seen a person before. They came this close--,\" she said, acting it out by bringing a hand close to her face, \"--and all I had to do was reach out and grab them!\" The story wasn't entirely true, but Hilda felt it unbecoming of a lady to admit an exact account of her actions to a future king. \"With your sword,\" she added slowly after a pause with a wince, feeling a tad bit guilty at not speaking the entire truth, and for having taken something that hadn't belonged to her in the first place. \"I thought to let you rest and save us both some time,\" she emphasized by clasping her hands together, brows furrowing at her sudden unease, but she was finally able to look him in the eye, head slightly tilted to the side, \"This does not upset you, does it?\" Hilda pulled her knees to her chest, wrapping her arms around her legs. \"My father does not have armies at his disposal as yours does--,\" she lied, \"-- but if my heir were to have gone missing after a monster attack at a party he was to attend, I, too, would scour the land looking for him. Worry not, I understand you must get back to your family.\" Hilde turned her brooding gaze out to sea as she thought of Lord Vera. It worried her to think that the noble House might assume Hilda's demise if he perished at the Correa's Masquerade and not be looking for her at all. The ghost of a bitter smile played on her lips. \"Make haste, if you can. We must hurry if we are to stop your father from waging war with the other Kingdoms.\" ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Hilda's grin grew into a nervous smile as Karolai finally caved in to curiosity and asked how she had managed to catch their breakfast. \"I awoke, and could not get back to sleep. You were still sleeping like the dead--,\" she chortled, turning her hand in the air at him before hugging her arms, eyes wandering as she looked for anything to look at but his eyes, \"--I thought would be appropriate to go for a private swim and rid myself of this week's filth. It just so happens that the fish around here are remarkably friendly. You would think they have never seen a person before. They came this close--,\" she said, acting it out by bringing a hand close to her face, \"--and all I had to do was reach out and grab them!\" The story wasn't entirely true, but Hilda felt it unbecoming of a lady to admit an exact account of her actions to a future king. "}, "post-95707": {"user": "Karolai Ferenc", "user_num": 3575, "timestamp": "1582092223000", "message": "What Hilda said didn't seem exactly plausible, in fact from the corner of his mind it seemed to Karolai to be a hastily thought up thing. Now the Egyszerorszag as it was affectionately called was landlocked, and Karolai's travel to the party had been perhaps his fourth time in a major body of water; the tutors didn't bring up nautical things much either. But he was damned if fish just swam to people. \"Looks like you didn't return the feeling.\" he said. The lad was about to vocalize his opinion she was bullshitting him until she noted the use of his messer. His brow creased in confusion and surprise: she had fed him after he had only eating scraps last night with a whole seafood feast and was now concerned if Karl didn't have some sensibilities hurt expecting some sort of reprimand? Maybe the rum was still in him, because the only reaction he could think of was just to burst out laughing. The Prince rested his chin on his fist for a moment, examining his counterpart. \"You're a precious thing, Hilda.\" Karol noted as the laughter mostly left him, having forgotten all his doubts in her story. Karl stood, loosening bits of his dress. \"Yes, prudent. But five minutes can wait, since we already stopped for breakfast. Err, you mind going past the shrubbery with the chest?\" Karl asked. Of course many people had seen him in the nuddy before, but they were servants or he a child at the time. ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "What Hilda said didn't seem exactly plausible, in fact from the corner of his mind it seemed to Karolai to be a hastily thought up thing. Now the Egyszerorszag as it was affectionately called was landlocked, and Karolai's travel to the party had been perhaps his fourth time in a major body of water; the tutors didn't bring up nautical things much either. But he was damned if fish just swam to people. \"Looks like you didn't return the feeling.\" he said. "}, "post-95710": {"user": "Hilda Vera de Rond\u00f3n", "user_num": 3571, "timestamp": "1582096911000", "message": "Hilda blinked and straightened, squaring her shoulders at feeling much offense and confusion ver the Prince's bubbling laughter, until she realized the vast differences in their cultures. She recalled their first meeting; when she had first been introduced to Karolai, the style of his dress had led her to believe he was a mere commoner, and his lack of proper etiquette to a noble lady during the festival, such as forgoing a bow even as he took his leave with his precious little sister Dorika, was a curious thing, indeed. Bows in any culture was a significant sign of respect. That, his lack of table manners, as well as his inability to express a bit of gratitude after being fed, Hilda was convinced it must have been a mere difference in culture. There was no other way. In a mere moment, Hilda was somehow able to give Karolai the benefit of the doubt and quickly forgave his lapse in judgement. If she hadn't, she might've ended up giving the lad a good slap. Hilda stared at him over the strange request to go away into the bushes. \"You cannot be serious,\" she snapped. But he was.\u00a0After a brief yet tense silence,\u00a0the Lady did not do as she was asked, but merely changed her position around the fire so that her back was facing the water instead. She closed her eyes, lifted her chin, and looked away from him without saying a single word. The body language was clear; hurry the fuck up, your Highness.\u00a0", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Hilda blinked and straightened, squaring her shoulders at feeling much offense and confusion ver the Prince's bubbling laughter, until she realized the vast differences in their cultures. She recalled their first meeting; when she had first been introduced to Karolai, the style of his dress had led her to believe he was a mere commoner, and his lack of proper etiquette to a noble lady during the festival, such as forgoing a bow even as he took his leave with his precious little sister Dorika, was a curious thing, indeed. Bows in any culture was a significant sign of respect. That, his lack of table manners, as well as his inability to express a bit of gratitude after being fed, Hilda was convinced it must have been a mere difference in culture. There was no other way. In a mere moment, Hilda was somehow able to give Karolai the benefit of the doubt and quickly forgave his lapse in judgement. If she hadn't, she might've ended up giving the lad a good slap. "}, "post-95746": {"user": "Karolai Ferenc", "user_num": 3575, "timestamp": "1582321038000", "message": "Karolai wasn't happy with the look he got and was about to say something in his defence, but decided not to knowing it'd only probably aggravate his partner more. \"Not all of us were lucky to get a brisk swim in the morning.\" he muttered, stepping in the water and lamenting soon after  that one, he didn't have any soaps with him and two, that it was really damn cold. The second thought latched onto his mind eager to make a connection with recent events, but the cold stopped him from concentrating properly. Well, stepping out at least his aroma wouldn't alert people past earshot to his presence. It didn't take him very long to once more be ready, although perhaps his metric of \"long\" was rather different to that of Hilda. \"Right then!\" Karl called out, rushing over to once more pick up his side of the chest. \"I'll be honest I have no clue where the nearest road is, but it shouldn't be too far. So, just straight on we go I suppose. Ready?\" he said, checking himself to make sure naught was forgotten and handing his counterpart the spare blade if she hadn't by now taken it herself. ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Karolai wasn't happy with the look he got and was about to say something in his defence, but decided not to knowing it'd only probably aggravate his partner more. \"Not all of us were lucky to get a brisk swim in the morning.\" he muttered, stepping in the water and lamenting soon after  that one, he didn't have any soaps with him and two, that it was really damn cold. The second thought latched onto his mind eager to make a connection with recent events, but the cold stopped him from concentrating properly. Well, stepping out at least his aroma wouldn't alert people past earshot to his presence. "}, "post-95750": {"user": "Hilda Vera de Rond\u00f3n", "user_num": 3571, "timestamp": "1582353814000", "message": "Tensions only grew after the prince's going; Hilda was painfully aware of the weight of the fish sitting uneasily in her stomach at the thought of their uncertain destiny and that of her charge. They could only assume so many variables before the chances of their survival became obscure. And what if the pirates came back for them? That was still within the realm of possibility. Hilda picked herself up from the sand and began to kick it into the fire, attempting to bury any evidence of their stay. When she achieved the desired result to her own perfectionistic expectations, Hilda was forced to pay attention to another problem on their hands; the chest. She scowled at it, feeling furious at the prince. Why couldn't he have simply pocketed some of the gold instead of taking it all? Now, they had to carry the damned thing along! Greedy bastard. How long would they be able to endure the weight of it before their backs finally gave out, she wondered, walking over to sit on it while she waited for her companion to return. \"Nice swim, no?\" She asked as she heard him rummaging with his clothes behind her. He was at her side, commenting on their senseless and uncertain plan, if she could call it that. Looking down at him from her perch as he knelt next to the chest, she searched his face, stunned and wondering how he could be so optimistic. \"As ready as I will ever be,\" she answered with a sigh, rising from her seat after being given the blade and grabbing the handle on the other end of the chest, \"we are so going to die.\" ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "<br>Tensions only grew after the prince's going; Hilda was painfully aware of the weight of the fish sitting uneasily in her stomach at the thought of their uncertain destiny and that of her charge. They could only assume so many variables before the chances of their survival became obscure. And what if the pirates came back for them? That was still within the realm of possibility. Hilda picked herself up from the sand and began to kick it into the fire, attempting to bury any evidence of their stay.<br/><br/> When she achieved the desired result to her own perfectionistic expectations, Hilda was forced to pay attention to another problem on their hands; the chest. She scowled at it, feeling furious at the prince. Why couldn't he have simply pocketed some of the gold instead of taking it all? Now, they had to carry the damned thing along! Greedy bastard. How long would they be able to endure the weight of it before their backs finally gave out, she wondered, walking over to sit on it while she waited for her companion to return. <br/><br/>\"Nice swim, no?\" She asked as she heard him rummaging with his clothes behind her. He was at her side, commenting on their senseless and uncertain plan, if she could call it that. Looking down at him from her perch as he knelt next to the chest, she searched his face, stunned and wondering how he could be so optimistic. \"As ready as I will ever be,\" she answered with a sigh, rising from her seat after being given the blade and grabbing the handle on the other end of the chest, \"we are so going to die.\" </br>"}, "post-95752": {"user": "Karolai Ferenc", "user_num": 3575, "timestamp": "1582396892000", "message": "Having returned Karl noticed the fire being swept up in a few moments, and nodded approvingly. \"Prudent.\" was all he could really say. The Egyszer despite being of an originally nomadic people would not have thought of doing that on his own accord. \"Yes, rather pleasant!\" he said, deciding to ignore the obvious sarcasm and not let it sour his mood. When Hilda said they were going to die Karolai frowned somewhat. \"That's awfully negative.\" the Prince commented, starting to simply walk on. \"We were supposed to die back with the bloodsuckers, you know. We were also supposed to die yesterday on the boat, and again today at port. Of course, I don't quite believe in fate and all that stuff, nor in luck. But anything at any point may or may not happen. We might die, but we might not. 'We are so going to die' is true, but it always was.\" Realizing he was perhaps rambling now and that he wasn't even sure he believed what he was saying, he shrugged. \"What I'm saying is smile, be happy... Besides, at this point if we die it'll probably be by virtue of a bolt in the skull; won't have time to feel the pain, won't even have time to be scared!\"", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Having returned Karl noticed the fire being swept up in a few moments, and nodded approvingly. \"Prudent.\" was all he could really say. The Egyszer despite being of an originally nomadic people would not have thought of doing that on his own accord. "}, "post-95753": {"user": "Hilda Vera de Rond\u00f3n", "user_num": 3571, "timestamp": "1582400125000", "message": "\"That is a terrible thought,\" was her forlorn reply, grimacing as she imagined the two of them taking bolts to the skull. \"I suppose I should also be glad we are not to be suffering the horrendous heat of the summer sun,\" Hilda scornfully smiled. How was he not more afraid than herself?  Would he be equally as confident if he was going at it alone? \"Not that late is proving to be much better.\"Still startled at his energetic enthusiasm, Hilda figured such joy could only come from someone sheltered from the ways of the world. But was that truly the case? Karolai had barely been shaken by the monstrous vampires or their close encounters with the pirates. Karolai walked forward, and she followed, but froze when he told her to smile, piercing him with an intense gaze unlike he had never seen from her before. \"I mean no offense, but if it were not for me, you would currently be at the mercy of those pirates. Not that they would have shown you any mercy. It is also thanks to me that we are not continuing on this perilous adventure with empty stomachs. Not to mention covering our tracks. My point being is that, clearly, I am the brains in this operation, and being the brains is.... how do you say.... burdensome? So if you tell me to lighten up again, I will simply have to stop thinking and keeping us alive! We wouldn't want that, now, would we?\" Hilda ended her rant lightheartedly and with a shrug, proceeding to strut forward quickly, almost pulling him along. It was about time he started to show a bit of gratitude, the princess thought.\u00a0Hilda almost regretted he did not know her for who she truly was. For then she would tell him how what had happened to her beloved city and her family could very easily happen to him. Would he still be as happy, then? Memories of a ravaged Zephyr and slaughtered loved ones tended to darken the mind. The things she had seen, the capacity for depravity that mere humans had towards each other. These were things Karolai had never experienced, and she hoped he would never have to. ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "<br>\"That is a terrible thought,\" was her forlorn reply, grimacing as she imagined the two of them taking bolts to the skull. <br/><br/>\"I suppose I should also be glad we are not to be suffering the horrendous heat of the summer sun,\" Hilda scornfully smiled. How was he not more afraid than herself?  Would he be equally as confident if he was going at it alone? \"Not that late is proving to be much better.\"<br/><br/>Still startled at his energetic enthusiasm, Hilda figured such joy could only come from someone sheltered from the ways of the world. But was that truly the case? Karolai had barely been shaken by the monstrous vampires or their close encounters with the pirates. Karolai walked forward, and she followed, but froze when he told her to smile, piercing him with an intense gaze unlike he had never seen from her before. <br/><br/>\"I mean no offense, but if it were not for me, you would currently be at the mercy of those pirates. Not that they would have shown you any mercy. It is also thanks to me that we are not continuing on this perilous adventure with empty stomachs. Not to mention covering our tracks. My point being is that, clearly, I am the brains in this operation, and being the brains is.... how do you say.... burdensome? So if you tell me to lighten up again, I will simply have to stop thinking and keeping us alive! We wouldn't want that, now, would we?\" Hilda ended her rant lightheartedly and with a shrug, proceeding to strut forward quickly, almost pulling him along. <i>It was about time he started to show a bit of gratitude,</i> the princess thought.\u00a0<br/><br/>Hilda almost regretted he did not know her for who she truly was. For then she would tell him how what had happened to her beloved city and her family could very easily happen to him. Would he still be as happy, then? Memories of a ravaged Zephyr and slaughtered loved ones tended to darken the mind. The things she had seen, the capacity for depravity that mere humans had towards each other. These were things Karolai had never experienced, and she hoped he would never have to. <br/><br/></br>"}, "post-95763": {"user": "Karolai Ferenc", "user_num": 3575, "timestamp": "1582418148000", "message": "\"Really? I like to think its liberating.\" he said in response to the first statement, while not bothering to reply to the latter ones given once more they were of an insincerity he didn't very much care for.But her following tirade finally got him to stop, and momentarily cracked the veneer of calm cheer. Hilda might notice or she might not but with a rise of blood pressure and a few twitches in the right eye for just a fraction of a second the Prince's hand grasped the grip of his messer. \"You fucking what? Now let's not start tipping the scales this way or that of who did what for who because guess what, without me you'd have been left alone for those bloodsuckers to track down, and you'd be left back on that boat because you were too scared to go off the ship; they'd be deciding which wealthy bastard you'd be entertaining in some dungeon. I got the money and food from the ship, I'm telling you to lighten up because this is awfully nerve wracking and I'd rather not snap but too late for that. You think you're hot shit? You think you'll get back to mum and dad alone? Have fun, seems like you're all set.\" he said, or rather he imagined himself doing so. A little venting exercise.It wouldn't be very royal to go out screaming as such on a lady, so instead he only smiled sweetly and without warning let go of his side of the chest. He wasn't going to say all that, but he was going to get the idea to her. \"Oh, I'm sorry \u2014 old thick headed me didn't realize what a drain I was! I don't want to hold you back, oh no. In fact, wouldn't want to lower your chances just by my presence. Good luck, though I'm sure with your all-encompassing wisdom you do not need it. Adios!\" he said, parting with one of the few Rondi words he knew. Chances are he'd come to later very much regret these words, but at the same time he didn't want to stay on and risk a blood vessel burst or even worse: staying on, having an exchange with Hilda in which the frustrations of the two would coalesce into something far, far worse. The lad didn't know where he was going, but for now he could afford to not care because as he said, the nearest road was probably quite close.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "\"Really? I like to think its liberating.\" he said in response to the first statement, while not bothering to reply to the latter ones given once more they were of an insincerity he didn't very much care for."}, "post-95787": {"user": "Hilda Vera de Rond\u00f3n", "user_num": 3571, "timestamp": "1582487031000", "message": "Hilda flinched as he turned on her, stunned at the sudden onslaught of rage. As Karolai spat poison, Hilda's cheeks burned with remorse, then humiliation as he inferred being dishonored by some manner of debauchery at the hands of an unknown scoundrel, smiling venomously. \"How dare you,\" was all she could manage to get out through grit teeth but he went on his raving without pause. Her nose stung as she stood there, speechless, as he dropped the chest. \"What do you think you are doing,\" she asked, but he was too enraged to listen. It was as though she were the one being slapped in the face, and she forced herself to breathe through as she tried not to lose her mind, although she had the sense to do just that. Hilda couldn't survive alone, and he knew it. \"Karolai!\" she screamed with colored cheeks as she dropped her end of the chest and he disappeared through the bush. \"Get back here this instant!\" Hilda waited a moment to see if he would reappear from the bush, but he did not. \"Oh, my Santa,\" she cried, heart racing in her chest. Hilda went after him, hurrying through the bush. The storm swiftly suspended as panic began to swell in in its stead, smashing through her conceit like a tidal wave. \"Karolai, wait!\" It didn't take her long to catch up and attempted to block his way. \"Please! You are right,\" she breathed hard from the panic and the sprint and fought for air, but beseeched him with her eyes, \"forget about the silly things I said. I was wrong. Please, do not leave me here alone. I cannot make it without you.\" Hilda must've sounded pathetic, but he had had a point. They had done their part in helping each other, and taking all the credit in her frustration had been foolish. ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Hilda flinched as he turned on her, stunned at the sudden onslaught of rage. As Karolai spat poison, Hilda's cheeks burned with remorse, then humiliation as he inferred being dishonored by some manner of debauchery at the hands of an unknown scoundrel, smiling venomously. \"How dare you,\" was all she could manage to get out through grit teeth but he went on his raving without pause. Her nose stung as she stood there, speechless, as he dropped the chest. "}}