{"post-47074": {"user": "Captain Valic Ice-heart", "user_num": 1779, "timestamp": "1471759226000", "message": "The Euryale Crew is a demonic pirate crew led by Captain Valic Ice-heart; their purpose is to have a good time. Good time means pillaging and causing maritime mischief. To join you must be able to breathe underwater and have the lust for gold and blood. The pay is good and Captain Valic offers dental insurance. If interested contact Captain Valic oocly or icly. Thanks.Units:Undead Sailor- An unfortunate soul that perished in the sea. Equipped with various light weaponry. -1 NPC PointUndead Pirate- A common pirate that was living his life looting and pillaging before their life was abruptly ended by blade or storm. Equipped with cutlasses, knifes, and are very agile. -2 NPC PointsUndead Corsair- A ranged pirate whose life was ended usually by betrayal or combat due to their experience in the seas. Are equipped with crossbows and light armor. Have very swift hands for reloading their crossbows. -1 NPC PointUndead Privateer-A professional pirate hired by the government to raid other ships during wartime. Little did they know once their purpose is done they are dispatched by the government and received a burial at sea. Equipped with moderate weaponry and armor. -3 NPC PointsUndead Buccaneer-Pirate whose expertise delves in the art of explosives and throwing. They wield grenades and throwing daggers for ranged and close combat. -3 NPC PointsUndead Marooners-Elite soldiers who deserted their former governments to live the pirate life. Using their elite combat skills to terrorize the seas with ease. Equipped with government grade weapons and armor. -4 NPC PointsUndead Brethren of the Sea- Masters at the art of sailing and naval combat, they know both like the back of their hand. The reason they were able to get such a reputation was by meddling with dark magics. Along with the mastering sword combat they possess cryokinesis and necromancy. Once slaying an enemy they can resurrect it to fight for them. -15 NPC PointsAll units possess undying loyalty to their captain.Status:Active30 Undead Sailors40 Undead Pirates30 Undead Corsairs20 Undead Privateers20 Undead Buccaneers ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [""], "html": "The Euryale Crew is a demonic pirate crew led by Captain Valic Ice-heart; their purpose is to have a good time. Good time means pillaging and causing maritime mischief. To join you must be able to breathe underwater and have the lust for gold and blood. The pay is good and Captain Valic offers dental insurance. If interested contact Captain Valic oocly or icly. Thanks."}}