{"post-39967": {"user": "The Isran Empire", "user_num": 1310, "timestamp": "1464821331000", "message": "This thread represents the The Oculus Solis Arena as it exists for the third match of the Magic Bracket of The Second Annual Tournament, for the match between\u00a0Zephiros      and\u00a0Raena Fletcher .\u00a0The fighting area itself is an open, circular expanse of imported sand fifty meters across. Competitors enter through opposite entry tunnels on the east and west sides. At the beginning of each match, a match official stands in the center of the ring. The competitors are expected to make their entrances, approach the center, perhaps shake hands or something like that with their competitor, and await the mark of the match official to begin their fight.[In the event of a dispute that cannot be resolved between the competing parties, message\u00a0Empress Naoki    .]", "link_list": ["http://thefantasysandbox.boards.net/thread/1685/oculus-solis-arena", "http://thefantasysandbox.boards.net/thread/1683/second-annual-grand-tournament", "/user/1552", "/user/578", "/user/607"], "image_list": ["http://i.imgur.com/bTBNZbp.png"], "html": "This thread represents the "}, "post-40000": {"user": "Zephiros", "user_num": 1552, "timestamp": "1464837438000", "message": "Zephiros would make his entrance into the arena first, waving to the crowds whether they cheered for him thanks to his victory in the first round, or boo'd him, or just didn't care. All the while he had a smile on his face though. He was happy to have even made it to this round, but that didn't mean he wouldn't give it his all in this round. However, he didn't even know who he was fighting yet. He didn't bother to check the brackets.Hopefully its not anyone too tough, although this is the second round, so wouldn't they have had to beat someone already to get here? Zephiros shrugged, looking towards the opposite tunnel as he stood in the center of the arena waiting. He seemed pretty relaxed given his uncertainty of what opponent he faced, with his hands buried in his tan windbreaker's pockets. Just like the last match he did not wear any armor or carry any visible weapons, and would only rely on his magic once again.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Zephiros would make his entrance into the arena first, waving to the crowds whether they cheered for him thanks to his victory in the first round, or boo'd him, or just didn't care. All the while he had a smile on his face though. He was happy to have even made it to this round, but that didn't mean he wouldn't give it his all in this round. However, he didn't even know who he was fighting yet. He didn't bother to check the brackets."}, "post-40008": {"user": "Raena Fletcher", "user_num": 578, "timestamp": "1464840187000", "message": "After Zephiros' arrival is announced and he enters the scene, the announcer turns his attention to the second contestant.\"...Introducing the opponent, Raena Fletcher, Valkyrie of the Order of the Hammer!\"With that, the deafening bassy boom of huge round drums echoes throughout the arena, emanating from the dark opening to Zephiros' enemy's stable.The beat is slow at first, but begins to pick up pace as a leather-clad foot reveals itself in a ray of sunlight piercing the darkness of the hooded entrance. Slowly, Zephiros' opponent reveals herself, a towering woman clad in a set of linen clothing with a well-defined musculature that shows through her slightly baggy clothes. A flamberge of massive proportions with a wavy, gleaming steel blade is strapped upon her back, and a well-forged steel gladius hangs from her hip, though it seems more mundane than her primary weapon. Her only armour to speak of is upon her arms -- forest green steel plate runs down in a cohesive unit from two large steel pauldrons, encompassing her powerful arms down to her wrists, a single plate of steel on the back of her hand the only hand protection she has to speak of. A daring woman, to armour herself so lightly.Her snow white hair shines brightly in the high noon sun, ruffled by a slight breeze as those icy blue eyes gaze across the field at her newest challenge, her lips pressed thin in a neutral, yet determined-looking expression. The beat of the drums becomes an ordered cacophony before receding entirely as she takes her place and stops, her leather boot kicking up a tiny cloud of dust as she takes a stance, legs spread shoulder width apart. She draws her blade with the sound of metal on metal, the ring of the steel echoing throughout the arena. There are no cheers. It is deathly silent, and Raena Fletcher appears to be prepared for mortal combat -- despite the fact that it's very unlikely that any will get seriously injured. Tendrils of void wreath her figure, impenetrable wisps of darkness that seem to eat the light around their corners as they swirl about Raena. Despite her appearance as a warrior, it's clear there's more to her than meets the eye.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "After Zephiros' arrival is announced and he enters the scene, the announcer turns his attention to the second contestant."}, "post-40045": {"user": "The Isran Empire", "user_num": 1310, "timestamp": "1464856905000", "message": "Once again, Marceline stands in the center of the arena, and watches as the competitors approach. An impressive entrance on the part of that Fletcher, she muses. She\u2019s rocking a lot of strange magic, too. This match ought to be interesting. So no sense in delay, she figures. Crossing first to Zephiros, then to Raena, a series of magically enhanced looks and shoulder taps ensure that their protective enchantments are properly in place and prepared for the match ahead. Handily enough, they are. Leaving the competitors twenty meters apart, Marceline steps back, and motions up to one of the upper seating boxes. Shortly thereafter, the sound of a gong rings out for the upteenth time, signaling the start of this match.\u00a0", "link_list": ["https://youtu.be/eg7NXRJwYXs"], "image_list": [], "html": "Once again, Marceline stands in the center of the arena, and watches as the competitors approach. An impressive entrance on the part of that Fletcher, she muses. She\u2019s rocking a lot of strange magic, too. This match ought to be interesting. "}, "post-40135": {"user": "Zephiros", "user_num": 1552, "timestamp": "1464928607000", "message": "Zephiros was quite alarmed by the size of the sword the woman he was facing carried. One swing from that and he would definitely be out for the count, and even if it didn't cut him it would definitely bruise, or worse. He would nod slightly towards his opponent to be nice, although the void tendrils swirling around her were somewhat alarming. Once the gong rang out, he was in motion however, and channeling energy.Of course Zephiros would begin to move away from Raena and her big sword, shuffling backwards to keep an eye on her. He didn't really know what his plan would be this time, although he doubted his last strategy with the sandstorm would work.(charge 1)", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Zephiros was quite alarmed by the size of the sword the woman he was facing carried. One swing from that and he would definitely be out for the count, and even if it didn't cut him it would definitely bruise, or worse. He would nod slightly towards his opponent to be nice, although the void tendrils swirling around her were somewhat alarming. Once the gong rang out, he was in motion however, and channeling energy."}, "post-40310": {"user": "Raena Fletcher", "user_num": 578, "timestamp": "1465095832000", "message": "As soon as the gong sounds, Raena is dashing forward, her foot kicking up a small puff of dust behind her as she readies her blade for an upward slash. She doesn't plan on giving the mage opposite her a chance to charge his attack, her icy blue eyes burning into him as she descends upon him.She covers the twenty metre distance in mere moments, bringing her blade up in an upward slash, before using the momentum to spin into a horizontal slash, aiming to slice the man into four even pieces...or at least, she would be were they actually fighting. If he doesn't dodge out of the way or block the attack somehow, it's sure to cause some damage, but luckily the blade is a bit slower than if it were something smaller.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "As soon as the gong sounds, Raena is dashing forward, her foot kicking up a small puff of dust behind her as she readies her blade for an upward slash. She doesn't plan on giving the mage opposite her a chance to charge his attack, her icy blue eyes burning into him as she descends upon him."}, "post-40592": {"user": "Zephiros", "user_num": 1552, "timestamp": "1465266151000", "message": "Zephiros would have bought himself some time with his initial retreat thankfully, although he still did not have much time with his opponent charging straight at him with her gigantic sword. At that point, something told him this match would be somewhat more... difficult. Still, he would try his best to win.Having now charged enough energy for a simple spell, he would let loose a burst of wind magic as Raena approached just outside of the range of her greatsword. The magical wind would stir from around his feet as first as he pointed both palms downward and they glowed slightly with a magical aura. All the while he was still backpedaling, careful not to trip over himself as he did so. This wind stirring at his feet would almost immediately kick up in intensity, sending a spray of sand towards Raena's face as the wind blade he had formed low to the ground kicked off towards it's target.\u00a0The wind blade was invisible to the naked eye as it rose from the ground and aimed to slash across Raena's form from her right shoulder to left hip. The entire length of this magical blade of air would slash quite deeply through an unarmored target, and if Raena were to block the wind blade partially with her armored gauntlets, other parts of the wind blade would continue on through to slash any unprotected sections of her body.\u00a0(1 charge used -> 0 charges)", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Zephiros would have bought himself some time with his initial retreat thankfully, although he still did not have much time with his opponent charging straight at him with her gigantic sword. At that point, something told him this match would be somewhat more... difficult. Still, he would try his best to win."}, "post-40595": {"user": "Raena Fletcher", "user_num": 578, "timestamp": "1465268278000", "message": "As her second swing comes short, Raena sees the shimmer of a gust of sand blasting toward her face. She takes a knee and puts her shoulder squarely in the line of fire, twisting slightly and bowing her head. The sand gusts over her head and she squints, but before she can stand up fully, she feels a sudden impact on her pauldron that pushes her down again. She looks over it to see a shallow scratch along its surface, momentarily confused at the impact. \u00a0Then, she feels a trickle of warm liquid down her cheek and presses her fingertips to it, a red sticky substance coming off upon her fingertips. Some sort of air blade. He's an aeromancer!Raena narrows her eyes and uses her bent knee to rocket up from the ground, speeding toward Zephiros whilst chanting an incantation in a language that sounds... simply wrong, disgusting, grating upon one's very psyche with a heavy mental pressure.\"SYFKLEDZ AB KOLNFYZZ, E XYPNAF UAI,\" she chants, tendrils of void energy sprouting from her wrists as she speaks and twisting and writhing about her readied blade.{Charge 1 turn, Void enhanced spell}", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "As her second swing comes short, Raena sees the shimmer of a gust of sand blasting toward her face. She takes a knee and puts her shoulder squarely in the line of fire, twisting slightly and bowing her head. The sand gusts over her head and she squints, but before she can stand up fully, she feels a sudden impact on her pauldron that pushes her down again. She looks over it to see a shallow scratch along its surface, momentarily confused at the impact. \u00a0Then, she feels a trickle of warm liquid down her cheek and presses her fingertips to it, a red sticky substance coming off upon her fingertips. Some sort of air blade. He's an aeromancer!"}, "post-40680": {"user": "Zephiros", "user_num": 1552, "timestamp": "1465361459000", "message": "Zephiros takes the time she kneels to weather his attack to make a tactical retreat, or in other words run away. Soon however, she is after him once again and chanting in a deeply disturbing language. Zephiros couldn't quite figure out what it was about the words she chanted that made him feel fear, but they did anyways. This fear would not hinder him in their current bout though, and in fact only motivated him further to stay away from her lest she hit him with whatever that void magic was.\u00a0As she closed the distance he would channel more magic in preparation to defend himself in some way. He didn't carry any weapons or armor so his wind magic was his only offense of defense really.\u00a0(1 Charge)", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Zephiros takes the time she kneels to weather his attack to make a tactical retreat, or in other words run away. Soon however, she is after him once again and chanting in a deeply disturbing language. Zephiros couldn't quite figure out what it was about the words she chanted that made him feel fear, but they did anyways. This fear would not hinder him in their current bout though, and in fact only motivated him further to stay away from her lest she hit him with whatever that void magic was.\u00a0"}, "post-41815": {"user": "Raena Fletcher", "user_num": 578, "timestamp": "1466387253000", "message": "Raena continues her charge, though her chanting doesn't stop. The tendrils of void grow more opaque and pronounced, thickening into writhing tentacles of impenetrable blackness. Raena makes a wild downward swing at Zephiros, the blade crashing into the ground and sending those tendrils into the earth. She's far too far away to have been aiming to hit Zephiros with her blade, so at first her action would seem to be wasted energy, perhaps an attempt at intimidation.However, soon her true intent is revealed as the ground between the two begins to blacken as if blighted, a streak of dead earth blasting toward Zephiros and stopping right below him, where it widens into a large ring of death ten feet across. The tendrils suddenly reappear below him, crashing down toward him and attempting to run him through with painful void energies if he doesn't move quickly.However, the act seems to take a toll on Raena, the spell taxing her physical form as she grits her teeth, her icy eyes becoming unfocused as her charge falters and a slow drip of blood leaking from her nose. She shakes her head and continues on, although the magical damage detection will begin to redden around the base of her neck, as if she had been bludgeoned by something, despite the lack of any apparent outer damage.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Raena continues her charge, though her chanting doesn't stop. The tendrils of void grow more opaque and pronounced, thickening into writhing tentacles of impenetrable blackness. Raena makes a wild downward swing at Zephiros, the blade crashing into the ground and sending those tendrils into the earth. She's far too far away to have been aiming to hit Zephiros with her blade, so at first her action would seem to be wasted energy, perhaps an attempt at intimidation."}, "post-41848": {"user": "Zephiros", "user_num": 1552, "timestamp": "1466396400000", "message": "Zephiros was at first confused when Raena slammed her sword down into the ground a good distance away from him. This confusion turned into a momentary panic however as the corrupted soil began to spread rapidly toward him. It seemed to only be spreading through the ground below him, and it did not seem friendly at all. Zephiros had some magic stored and he had to think fast. Zephiros would hurriedly mutter some words, inaudible to anyone but him in the midst of the battle and cheering crowds.\u00a0With a wave of his hands now wreathed in a glowing aura of mana, with palms pointed downwards, the air around him shimmered almost like it would as heat rose from the ground on a hot summer day. This shimmering air would quickly grow more visible as it grew in intensity rapidly, and Zephiros rose from the ground. The shimmering air around him would seem to take on the shape of wings that flapped from his back, or at least wings barely visible due to them being made of magical air. In fact it would be very difficult to see the magical appendages of air if not for the aura of mana that outlined them, forming a faint glowing yellow outline of wings. Zephiros would rise from the arena sands, flapping magical air wings hard until he was out of harms way from the corrupted ground below. This also served the purpose of putting him out of reach of that great sword. The aeromancer would smirk momentarily as he now flew above Raena, \"This spell just never gets old,\" he said. Now relishing in the act of flying, something many people only dream about, and having just escaped danger narrowly, he was feeling quite good.\u00a0(1 charge used)", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Zephiros was at first confused when Raena slammed her sword down into the ground a good distance away from him. This confusion turned into a momentary panic however as the corrupted soil began to spread rapidly toward him. It seemed to only be spreading through the ground below him, and it did not seem friendly at all. Zephiros had some magic stored and he had to think fast. Zephiros would hurriedly mutter some words, inaudible to anyone but him in the midst of the battle and cheering crowds.\u00a0"}, "post-42352": {"user": "Raena Fletcher", "user_num": 578, "timestamp": "1466827978000", "message": "Raena snarls as her attack misses, the throbbing in her upper spine causing a twinge of irritability to shoot through her psyche, though it's quickly suppressed by her will. She follows the flying man with her eyes, and as she does she stabs her blade into the ground, focusing both body and mind upon casting another spell. She begins chanting in that grating language again, holding her hands out before her, her legs shoulder width apart as if bracing for an impact.All the while, those icy eyes follow Zephiros' flight, staring coldly at the aeromancer. If looks could kill, this match would be over. She begins to tremble slightly as The Void takes hold of her body, and the sclera of her eyes begin to darken slightly, turning to a deep shade of grey instead of their natural white. Whatever she's doing is clearly putting a strain on her.(1 charge of void magic)", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Raena snarls as her attack misses, the throbbing in her upper spine causing a twinge of irritability to shoot through her psyche, though it's quickly suppressed by her will. She follows the flying man with her eyes, and as she does she stabs her blade into the ground, focusing both body and mind upon casting another spell. She begins chanting in that grating language again, holding her hands out before her, her legs shoulder width apart as if bracing for an impact."}, "post-42430": {"user": "Zephiros", "user_num": 1552, "timestamp": "1466901327000", "message": "Zephiros would continue to hover in the air on his air wings, now also beginning to channel his own magic as Raena did. She seemed quite angry at her attack missing, which somewhat frightened him at first until he realized something. His opponent being angry would only give him the advantage as strong emotional responses only made others reckless... or at least that was something he read in a book recently.\u00a0This fight was most certainly more interesting than his first fight so far, for himself and the crowds.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Zephiros would continue to hover in the air on his air wings, now also beginning to channel his own magic as Raena did. She seemed quite angry at her attack missing, which somewhat frightened him at first until he realized something. His opponent being angry would only give him the advantage as strong emotional responses only made others reckless... or at least that was something he read in a book recently.\u00a0"}, "post-44677": {"user": "The Isran Empire", "user_num": 1310, "timestamp": "1468974992000", "message": "Due to 14+ days of inactivity, Raena has been disqualified. Zephiros will advance to the next round.\u00a0", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Due to 14+ days of inactivity, Raena has been disqualified. Zephiros will advance to the next round.\u00a0"}}