{"post-72190": {"user": "Sebastian 'Bastian'", "user_num": 2488, "timestamp": "1503884994000", "message": "The carnival was far behind him now, the murky ground that had been staining his boots was left behind and the sounds of the carnival had faded from his ears. Yet the madness still danced his head, even as the ale finally wore off the rest of the way. The slightly ill looking man staggered forward, one boot after the other falling with a heavy thump. As if the being was operating on little sleep and the body was finally weak, that was the cause in all honesty. No food on his person let alone water, with the ale wearing off, the world wasn't as blurry. Yet he had gotten used to that world view, seeing a straight path caused em to lift their head up a little bit. A few blinks left hazel eyes as they took in the forest around em. Lush and green, a path that wasn't beaten down with hoof and carriage tracks. Coming to a halt, the lack of tracks made him puzzled.Bending down, he placed a hand on the dirt. Leaving a slight track before he gave a smile, standing up quickly. He jumped and landed on both feet, leaving a better indent in the ground. Looking to see the more outlined tracks, he looked away and started to jump around. Once in a while, he switched to flipping in the air and making tracks with his hands as he landed on them and pushed himself off. \"Hello, hello, hello how low?\" Bastian started in a low voice as he landed on his feet again.Giving the ground a stomp, the creating of the tracks and repeating the chanting he heard back at the carnival whenever it was time for them to drop the illusion and claim the travelers as new members. Stomping his foot was the rest of the trigger, the trigger to pull him back into the memory where the sound of drums and the banging with the vast voices repeated in his head.\"Hello, hello, hello how low?\" the man repeated, louder this time as he stomped harder. \"Oh well...whatever...nevermind..\" The man paused, dragging his foot across the ground as a new sound reached his ears. A different set of feet on the road.(ooc: just a random unnoteworthy forest.)", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "The carnival was far behind him now, the murky ground that had been staining his boots was left behind and the sounds of the carnival had faded from his ears. Yet the madness still danced his head, even as the ale finally wore off the rest of the way. The slightly ill looking man staggered forward, one boot after the other falling with a heavy thump. As if the being was operating on little sleep and the body was finally weak, that was the cause in all honesty. No food on his person let alone water, with the ale wearing off, the world wasn't as blurry. Yet he had gotten used to that world view, seeing a straight path caused em to lift their head up a little bit. A few blinks left hazel eyes as they took in the forest around em. Lush and green, a path that wasn't beaten down with hoof and carriage tracks. Coming to a halt, the lack of tracks made him puzzled."}, "post-72229": {"user": "Grubb Corntwigs", "user_num": 2310, "timestamp": "1503959283000", "message": "Grubb found himself, as he so often did, in a lovely, lush, green forest. The tiny pixie had taken to wandering as of late, and so long as there was good dirt under his feet he was apt to wind up almost anywhere. His attention and thoughts would regularly jump around from one thing to the next - a plant he hadn\u2019t seen before, a bird, a squirrel - but at the moment something else was holding his attention; a man.He watched the man stomp, his heavy feet pummeling the ground as he chanted and flipped up on his hands to do the same with his palms as he pushed himself off of the dirt. At first, Grubb would wonder why the man was so angry at the ground that he would have to stomp holes into it, but as he watched Grubb became less and less convinced the man was angry. The diminutive faery had seen angry humans before, and this one didn\u2019t seem to match the ones he\u2019d seen previously. Perhaps he was putting on a show? It was certainly a great show of acrobatics at any rate.As the man finished, Grubb began to clap in amazement, his tiny hands making a quick patting noise the man would be able to hear if he listened closely. He had quite enjoyed watching the spectacle. Grubb took off from the ground, beating his brownish bug-like wings to get up to about eye level with the man, just a bit out of his reach.\u201cThat was great!\u201d Grubb said, his tiny hands still clapping, and a big smile on his face.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Grubb found himself, as he so often did, in a lovely, lush, green forest. The tiny pixie had taken to wandering as of late, and so long as there was good dirt under his feet he was apt to wind up almost anywhere. His attention and thoughts would regularly jump around from one thing to the next - a plant he hadn\u2019t seen before, a bird, a squirrel - but at the moment something else was holding his attention; a man."}, "post-72230": {"user": "Sebastian 'Bastian'", "user_num": 2488, "timestamp": "1503960129000", "message": "It wasn't footsteps that Bastian ended up hearing. Tiny clapping and perhaps a slight buzz of sorts? To call Bastian surprised as he saw the tiny creature before him would be...kind of wrong. He was surprised, but it was quickly lost as he gave a big smile and did a bow. The size of the small being didn't affect him as he didn't care about that. They seemed to be able to enjoy things and the plague wretch's madness seemed to have amused em.\"Pleased you could enjoy it.\" Bastian replied as he stood up all the way. \"A performance can be anywhere or anything.\"The man scratched at his head, rustling the dirty hair that was a bit darker due to it. But it didn't matter, as the clumped together strands returned to their position. \"So, what are you doing?\" Bastian questioned.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "It wasn't footsteps that Bastian ended up hearing. Tiny clapping and perhaps a slight buzz of sorts? To call Bastian surprised as he saw the tiny creature before him would be...kind of wrong. He was surprised, but it was quickly lost as he gave a big smile and did a bow. The size of the small being didn't affect him as he didn't care about that. They seemed to be able to enjoy things and the plague wretch's madness seemed to have amused em."}, "post-72232": {"user": "Grubb Corntwigs", "user_num": 2310, "timestamp": "1503960976000", "message": "Grubb was almost beaming as the man took a bow. He continued clapping. The pixie didn\u2019t get to see human performance very often, and if he did it was from far away. Humans, generally, had very little use for the pixie and his proclivity for dirt, and more times than not he found himself unwelcome in a human setting. This was indeed a rare treat for the little pixie; such a show of athleticism and so close.\u201cWhat am I doing?\u201d he repeated, for just a moment seeming confused by the question. Perhaps he was even asking himself.\u201cOh!\u201d the pixie said, as if the answer had hit him like a shot.He fluttered the few feet back to the ground where he had begun clapping, where a mostly eaten strawberry laid in the dirt. He picked up the delicious bit of fruit, and holding it in both hands he flapped his wings once more to return to the man\u2019s eye level.\u201cI was eating!\u201d he exclaimed with a smile, showing the man the berry.It now had a bit of dirt on it, but seeing as Grubb was already covered in dirt from head to toe, it was hard to tell if the berry had picked up the soil from the ground, or if it had come off of the pixie himself. He bit a hunk of the berry off, chewing happily.\u201cWould you like some? I have plenty for two. And that was an amazing show!\u201d he said, now talking with his mouth full.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Grubb was almost beaming as the man took a bow. He continued clapping. The pixie didn\u2019t get to see human performance very often, and if he did it was from far away. Humans, generally, had very little use for the pixie and his proclivity for dirt, and more times than not he found himself unwelcome in a human setting. This was indeed a rare treat for the little pixie; such a show of athleticism and so close."}, "post-72234": {"user": "Sebastian 'Bastian'", "user_num": 2488, "timestamp": "1503961410000", "message": "Perhaps they were a little mad in the head too? They repeated his question as if it hadn't gone through all the way. But soon the small creature was flying away toward the ground. Good thing that the pixie hadn't been more on the path, otherwise he could've ended up squished. That was a odd concern to come into Bastian's head, though it was gone as he could hear the wings buzzing as they returned close enough for him to hear and soon, see the small being again.\"Ah, makes sense. Flying and eating makes too much sense.\" Bastian commented with a chuckle. The offer of food though, finally made Bastian realize that he hadn't had much to eat since he had left the carnival. What little things he had were gone and the feeling of hunger finally was making it's way through. \"Thanks, never got paid for it before except with food and drink back there.\" Bastian said as he gesture back down the way he came. \"Dropping it works too.\"Still, he held his hands out to catch the berry.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Perhaps they were a little mad in the head too? They repeated his question as if it hadn't gone through all the way. But soon the small creature was flying away toward the ground. Good thing that the pixie hadn't been more on the path, otherwise he could've ended up squished. That was a odd concern to come into Bastian's head, though it was gone as he could hear the wings buzzing as they returned close enough for him to hear and soon, see the small being again."}, "post-72236": {"user": "Grubb Corntwigs", "user_num": 2310, "timestamp": "1503963522000", "message": "Asking if Grubb was also suffering from madness would not be so easily answered. He\u2019d spent much of his time alone, and never had much of a family. The pixie didn\u2019t know his own mother, and very rarely ran into his own kind. This set of circumstances created an odd little creature, that was sure, but madness? Perhaps. Perhaps not.Grubb hovered just above the man\u2019s upturned palm before landing on it. He bent to place the bit of berry in his hand, and straightened his back. He didn\u2019t look up at the man, simply down at the bit of berry. His hand was big, much bigger than the mostly eaten fruit. Even Grubb knew this wasn\u2019t right. \u201cHmm..\u201d Grubb appeared to be contemplating something.The pixie picked up the lovely morsel once more, and buzzed to the ground with it. He dug a tiny divot into the ground with the heel of his shoe. The pixie picked one of the few remaining pale white seed off of the outside of the strawberry, and dropped it in the hole.\u201cUhhmm..\u201d Grubb said as he turned back to look at the man. \u201cC - Can you turn around? I get nervous if someone\u2019s watching me when I do this.\u201dWithout seeing that the man did as he asked, Grubb turned back to the small seed at the bottom of the tiny divot. He bent down, and pushed some dirt over it with his hand. He patted the small mound with his hand, and whispered some encouraging words to the soil.The pixie stood up straight, beat his wings, and a few bits of dirt fell on to the ground around the seed. Almost instantly, a tiny little sprout broke the surface of the ground, and began to grow.In only a couple seconds, a large, leafy green bush had grown up right out of the soil, right in the middle of the path. Each branch of the bush hung low with heavy bright red strawberries, perfectly ripe and ready to be picked. The bush was about knee height on the man, but to Grubb it was much larger. He stood back and looked at his creation, once again taking a bite off of his original strawberry, chewing a few times before looking over at his new compatriot.\u201cThere! Plenty for two.\u201d His words were a bit muffled, and his exclamation jettisoned a few bits of strawberry from his mouthful of fruit.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Asking if Grubb was also suffering from madness would not be so easily answered. He\u2019d spent much of his time alone, and never had much of a family. The pixie didn\u2019t know his own mother, and very rarely ran into his own kind. This set of circumstances created an odd little creature, that was sure, but madness? Perhaps. Perhaps not."}, "post-72244": {"user": "Sebastian 'Bastian'", "user_num": 2488, "timestamp": "1503978710000", "message": "When the small being landed on his hand, it didn't click that they were in danger right away. Bastian couldn't really make out the clothes on the small being, did they wear shoes? But when he realized the danger, he was about to speak when they got up on their own. A relieved sigh left him; although it was a very short one.\"Huh, well no harm in that!\" Bastian replied with a shrug.Instead of just simply turning around,he went onto his hands and stood on his hands with his back turned to the small being. He wasn't looking and he could keep his balance like this. So, it was giving em what they wanted while not being bored. Tumbling down by leaning forward, the man didn't seem amiss at having gone splat. Looking up now, the food was the first thing he spotted. Sitting up and scooting closer on his knees to the berries, he felt his stomach growl a bit more. \"I like that trick, much better than randomly dancing.\" Bastian said as he picked one, studying the red berry before taking a bite. \"I'd love to be able to grow things....sadly, I do the opposite it seems...\"A moment of sanity with his latter comment. Now the Touch of Death didn't work with plants, but still. His curse made him dangerous to anyone and even though part of him knew it didn't work on plants. He was still too fearful to even try to plant things and let others eat it.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "When the small being landed on his hand, it didn't click that they were in danger right away. Bastian couldn't really make out the clothes on the small being, did they wear shoes? But when he realized the danger, he was about to speak when they got up on their own. A relieved sigh left him; although it was a very short one."}, "post-72252": {"user": "Grubb Corntwigs", "user_num": 2310, "timestamp": "1504004058000", "message": "Grubb was entirely unaware of any danger caused by coming in contact with the man\u2019s skin, but luckily was wearing tiny pointed shoes, and was not in his palm for a time sufficient to cause him harm even if he wasn\u2019t.At the man\u2019s mention of dance, Grubb (on the ground) began to move his feet oddly in a sort of jerky little jig. The pixie didn\u2019t seem to be moving his feet in any type of rhythm that Sebastian 'Bastian' might be able to identify, and overall would appear to be a clumsy and uncoordinated dancer. His unprovoked dancing didn\u2019t last long, however, as the man\u2019s next words about wanting to grow things would shift his mind towards his love of growing things.Grubb nodded as he swallowed the wad of berry in his mouth.\u201cThe dirt takes care of me.\u201d He said, bending down to pat the earth again. \u201cIt\u2019s been here as long as I can remember.\u201dGrubb reached up to the bush and pulled on one of the fruits. The hearty plant didn\u2019t immediately give way, and Grubb had to give it a hard yank with all his weight before it finally relinquished the strawberry. The force of the berry breaking away from the plant sent the pixie to the ground, landing solidly on his butt with the berry in his lap. He took a bite off of the end of the berry as he now sat on the ground.\u201cYou said you got paid for dancing?\u201d he asked, looking up at the human as he continued his habit of talking with his mouth full.", "link_list": ["/user/2488"], "image_list": [], "html": "Grubb was entirely unaware of any danger caused by coming in contact with the man\u2019s skin, but luckily was wearing tiny pointed shoes, and was not in his palm for a time sufficient to cause him harm even if he wasn\u2019t."}, "post-72314": {"user": "Sebastian 'Bastian'", "user_num": 2488, "timestamp": "1504121835000", "message": "The little made up dance was nice, Bastian often just did what he wanted to. With madness dictating what motions he made, one could accomplish odd dances.It was easy to eat the first strawberry, two bites were all that were needed from the man but that was only due to his size. That and he was rather hungry. Yet even the plague wretch was able to carefully pry the delicate berry from the plant. \"Huh?\" Bastian commented though he realized what the small being said. \"Oh! Time to time, not many towns or villages take to me well. So it just depends if I find the right people to perform to.\"People were scared of his appearance and the fact he wasn't well groomed made a lot of people put off by him. The filthy hair and the old worn out clothes, that didn't suggest health and being well off. So most people turned up their noises in disgust at him.\"Many times though, people seemed to flee due to my looks. I'm not exactly a skeleton walking but, they act like it.\" Bastian said, popping a strawberry into his mouth.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "The little made up dance was nice, Bastian often just did what he wanted to. With madness dictating what motions he made, one could accomplish odd dances.It was easy to eat the first strawberry, two bites were all that were needed from the man but that was only due to his size. That and he was rather hungry. Yet even the plague wretch was able to carefully pry the delicate berry from the plant. "}}