{"post-77811": {"user": "Sea Giant Crew", "user_num": 2768, "timestamp": "1515718407000", "message": "The ship has two big masts and one small at the end of it. The deck itself is filled with sailing gear to make sure the ship is able to sail properly. There are three ways to get inside the ship. One is through the captain Quarters that is covered with a big door, a size of two men, when you open the door there is a ladder going down. Inside the captain quarters is a big chair with red pillows with few small chairs close by for fellow crew members to be able to sit and talk with him. Adding to that is a big mug, a size of a man built from wood. There are two doors that lead to the cargo hold from the captain quarters. Another way is through the hold door that is also a cargo hold that is also the place for dinning and armory. Further in are the crew quarters that is all filled with hammocks, enough for a crew of 100 people. There is a staircase that leads up the deck. The last one is a staircase closed with a hatch that leads to the sleeping quarters for quick access.The crew had entered the seas, sailing with the waves. The captain ready in his chair, giving orders as things settle down.\u00a0", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "The ship has two big masts and one small at the end of it. The deck itself is filled with sailing gear to make sure the ship is able to sail properly. There are three ways to get inside the ship. One is through the captain Quarters that is covered with a big door, a size of two men, when you open the door there is a ladder going down. Inside the captain quarters is a big chair with red pillows with few small chairs close by for fellow crew members to be able to sit and talk with him. Adding to that is a big mug, a size of a man built from wood. There are two doors that lead to the cargo hold from the captain quarters. Another way is through the hold door that is also a cargo hold that is also the place for dinning and armory. Further in are the crew quarters that is all filled with hammocks, enough for a crew of 100 people. There is a staircase that leads up the deck. The last one is a staircase closed with a hatch that leads to the sleeping quarters for quick access."}}