{"post-56435": {"user": "The Divine Empire of Vessia", "user_num": 1951, "timestamp": "1479872329000", "message": "A small village belonging to the Rexus family, it is now under contested ownership by parts of the family for the head of the house is now Emperor. For now, it is very rich of a village as parts of the family throw bribes left and right.  ", "link_list": [], "image_list": ["https://encrypted-tbn0.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:ANd9GcSMSK5916kKTUfjgyQSjA5BSVAr5tS2O_rzkZJ9GOY4mLjmBFsKKg", "https://encrypted-tbn2.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:ANd9GcRolQC7ARRJekJVgtrYoKedRtYPi-3GHPQGkH5g47jylwT4jDVS", "https://encrypted-tbn0.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:ANd9GcTPdIoCXOLsX5aUPPd8HbtmTExZ5rFTbVu3bx8u3lfc6Y7ihI-s"], "html": "A small village belonging to the Rexus family, it is now under contested ownership by parts of the family for the head of the house is now Emperor. For now, it is very rich of a village as parts of the family throw bribes left and right.  "}, "post-56551": {"user": "Lilla Fabre", "user_num": 1948, "timestamp": "1480046351000", "message": "There had always been a couple smithies in Frimark. They made solid practical work. And with how there had been more skirmishes along the border of Swavia, there had been a greater call for armor and weapons. So work had been good and plentiful. But there was one smithy, which had always gotten less business, Dalca's Smithy.James Dalca was known for being a drunkard, and while he turned out decent work, it was always late, and hammered out without any real sense of mastery.But there had been some buzz in town about Dalca's work lately. Things had been getting done on time. The local farmers, were impressed by repairs to their plows. And some of the soliders which have passed through have started to claim that the swords were some of the best they had come across in a long while, expertly balanced.Peeking into the shop, one would the forge in the back, with all the tools hung about, the coals still glowing next to the bellows. In the main part of the shop, they would see shelves and pegs full of horseshoes, wagon parts, weapons, and even some basic armor. For those who had been to the shop before, they would notice that the worked metal looked different. There was a bit of style to how it was shaped. Extra care and attention had been given to each piece.The other new addition, besides the newly forged items, was a woman who was angrily scrubbing the filthy floors of the place. Splashing everytime she put her brush into her bucket as she put it in too hard. She wore simple clothing and had her long dark hair tied in a braid to keep it out of her way.Dalca was half drunk, sitting on a stool outside the shop, dozing off a bit. Until one of his friend stopped by.\"James! I hear you're making well for yourself.\" he looks into the shop and gives a knowing chuckle. \"I see you got yourself a girl to keep that mess of a shop in order.\"\"Yeah, she's not good at much, but she can keep the store going alright.\"A loud splash was heard behind them.\"Let me see these new blades you've been making. I could use some new knives.\"Dalca let the man into the store and pulled out a new set of knives from a shelf. \"Try these.\"The man held them and tested the blade with a finger. \"Sharp, nice heft.\" he looked down the blade.\"It was just some cheap knives I made out of scrap. Nothing special. I'll sell all three blades for a gold piece.\"The woman scrubbing the floor froze watching them.The man smiled, he was getting a bargan. \"Sure.\" and gave the gold.\"Master Dalca, those knives are surely worth...\" and then she got a kick to her ribs. \"I don't pay you to think, get back to work!\" and then the man left.Lilla stood up, throwing her scrub brush into the bucket hard, splashing water everywhere.\"You bastard! I worked damn hard on those knives! They are worth 3 times the price he paid for them! I don't care that I have to clean your shop in order to work that forge. Or that you call me a dullard! But I won't have you talking down my work and treating it like cheap trash! you know what it's worth!\" she growled.James grabbed her arm and twisted it hard, making her wince. \"You're lucky I took pity on you and let you sleep near the forge, let alone use it! It's my shop and I charge what I want you stupid harpy! Without me you wouldn't have access to a smithy, let alone have anyone sell what you make. Most would think you have stolen this work! So shut your mouth like a good woman and I will honor our deal. Otherwise you might as well leave now!\" He threatened.Slowly Lilla sank to the floor and started to scrub again, trying so hard to keep biting her tongue.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "There had always been a couple smithies in Frimark. They made solid practical work. And with how there had been more skirmishes along the border of Swavia, there had been a greater call for armor and weapons. So work had been good and plentiful. But there was one smithy, which had always gotten less business, Dalca's Smithy."}, "post-56668": {"user": null, "user_num": null, "timestamp": "1480216935000", "message": "The Captain had come because he'd heard of the reputation. He had only a very brief R&R before he was expected to return to the front and see the nightmare continually unfold before his eyes. If he didn't know better, he would have thought the tribes were beasts themselves.His hair was damp from a bath he'd just endured, and his hand swept through it and tied it back with a leather throng, leaving his face free of the blonde strands. The man was good looking, although this probably had more to due with his youth and the shape he kept. His nose was perhaps a little long and crooked -- it had been broken twice -- and he had a few scars around his lips from the times it had been busted in fights and wars, but it was the masculinity of him that seemed to speak to the gentler gender.His beard was combed and well-trimmed, and his face was tanned from his time beneath the sun, giving him a few premature wrinkles at the corner of his gaze. He did not have his armor with him, but he was dressed cleanly; boots, trousers, his under shirt and tunic, his belt, his sword, his dagger, and gloves on his hands. He didn't wear a cloak, as the bitterness of the Swavian winter didn't really bother him.A man just exited the smithy he had heard about, and as he entered, he witnessed the blacksmith abusing a scullery woman on the ground.\"...So shut your mouth like a good woman and I will honor our deal. Otherwise, you might as well leave now!\"A long few tense seconds passed, and Erhard's gaze traveled between the Smithy and the woman on the floor.\"Problem?\" he asked from the doorway.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "The Captain had come because he'd heard of the reputation. He had only a very brief R&R before he was expected to return to the front and see the nightmare continually unfold before his eyes. If he didn't know better, he would have thought the tribes were beasts themselves."}, "post-56836": {"user": "Lilla Fabre", "user_num": 1948, "timestamp": "1480353599000", "message": "The glares between the woman and the smithy lasted for a long scalding moment as the new patron entered the shop. As the man asked if there was an issue, the tension broke as the smithy waddled to the front of the shop. The scent of booze greeted the Captain before the smithy had a chance to.\"Naw. No problem. Just issues with the help. You know how it is. She's new and doesn't know her role and duties well yet.\" he said quickly. The woman just fumed and resumed her scrubbing, threatening to take a few layers off the stone floor.\"Now what can I help you with? Lookin' for something for the farm? We have a deal on horseshoes, buy 3 get the fourth one free, no charge for shoein' your horse.\"The dark haired woman was glancing up to eye the man who had entered the shop, her eyes lingering over his build and shoulders, falling down to remain on the sword and dagger eyeing over details of the blades, her mind elsewhere for a moment.A cough was heard from behind them. Lilla could be caught rolling her eyes. \"Or being a soldier, he might want to look over the blades...\" She quickly turned away from them so she couldn't see the angry face of the blacksmith.Dalca cleared his throat to regain attention back on himself as he went over to some pegs holding different types of swords. There was a marked difference in the style of workmanship on the swords. The majority of them, were kind of rough and clunky looking, unremarkable. They looked nice and sharp, but looked like someone had just cranked out a bunch of them, just to have them available for purchase. But the other style... there was only a handful of them. But someone had spent a lot of time on them, almost tender care of working the metal. They had some decorative touches on the hilt at well. And that was the curious thing, they all had a little loop at the base of handle, a little flourish with a tapering end. Actually there were a series of items which had this little 'signature' to the style.James grabbed one of the rougher style blades. \"For example look at this! Nice sturdy craftsmanship.\" he commented as he handed the blade to the soldier. Proud of the sword he had made. Grabbing Erhard's arm to steady himself as the room seemed to lurch a bit.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "The glares between the woman and the smithy lasted for a long scalding moment as the new patron entered the shop. As the man asked if there was an issue, the tension broke as the smithy waddled to the front of the shop. The scent of booze greeted the Captain before the smithy had a chance to."}, "post-56922": {"user": null, "user_num": null, "timestamp": "1480438931000", "message": "His gaze traveled -- from blacksmith, to maid, to blacksmith again. It was clear by the set of his brow and the clarity of his eyes that he didn't believe the Blacksmith. His stoic quietness for long moments after the declaration that there \"was no problem at all\" spoke far more volumes that words could have, until finally...\"Mm,\" Erhard said, and stepped further into the shop. He wasn't going to get involved in business he didn't have the full angle of. The Blacksmith wasn't the first person to ever abuse the help, and he wouldn't be the last. It was curious, however, that it was female help. The only time he'd ever seen a female in a smithy before was because of relations. He doubted these two were such.As the Blacksmith rambled on about horse shoes, he lost Erhard's attention, who had turned to look at the weapons on the wall. He unlinked his hands and he cradled one wrist in the other, rubbing a sore spot from a skirmish a few weeks ago that still had his wrist feeling bruised. The woman piped up again, and Erhard glanced over his shoulder at her once more, this time taking a moment to truly study her.In that time, the clumsy smith -- who was obviously drunk -- had pulled off one of the ugly swords from the wall and turned to offer it to him. Erhard dragged his gaze from the woman on her knees to the man swaying on his feet. \"No,\" he said, and brushed off the smithy's hand AND the sword Dalca offered.Erhard nodded his head toward the other swords on the wall. \"I'll offer a trade instead. The sword I currently own, plus a few pieces, for the second sword on the right.\" His blade whispered from its sheathe as he laid it on the counter. It was made to be sturdy, like Dalca's sword had been, but obviously with a bit more care and finesse, like the swords that \"Dalca\" made. It had a few bumps and bruises -- his sword was one given to him a long time ago when he'd gone from squire to knight, and it had been in many battles.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "His gaze traveled -- from blacksmith, to maid, to blacksmith again. It was clear by the set of his brow and the clarity of his eyes that he didn't believe the Blacksmith. His stoic quietness for long moments after the declaration that there \"was no problem at all\" spoke far more volumes that words could have, until finally..."}, "post-57016": {"user": "Lilla Fabre", "user_num": 1948, "timestamp": "1480477332000", "message": "The expression of the soldier obviously not believing the Blacksmith and how he just stared at them so quietly, spoke more than what the maiden wanted to hear. The blacksmith glossing right over it, obviously missing a lot of what was going on in his current state. More eager to make a sale than anything else. Until that damned woman interrupted him again, making him realize the customer was looking at the blades already. The maid still scrubbing and no looking up, to deliberately not catch the angry expression of her employer, but also missing the fact that Erhard's eyes were lingering over her. Under a layer of dirt and soot her skin was fair. A pert nose over full expressionable lips, even when drawn together in frustration. Her dark braided hair curling along to frame her cheek. She had a slender build, but her simple brown dress did little to hide that she had a good amount of strength for a woman. She obviously must do more than just scrubbing floors. Her hands were calloused, worn, and tough much like Dalca's.Dalca offered what he considered a proper blade to the man, but it was promptly brushed off, making Dalca frown grouchily. His steadying hand also brushed away, making him stumble back a bit, the frown growing. And then Erhard offered a trade. A trade! A trade for a blade that his hands hadn't made! and then the soldiers sword was laid down for him to inspect. The maid peered up, her eyes wide at the gesture, gazing at the offered blade. A small smile passing her lips for the first time since the man had entered the shop. Dalca snorted as he sized up the sword. Wrestling with himself for a moment. Glancing at the woman scrubbing his floor. Who quickly turned so he couldn't see her smile. \"Yer sword's seen better days, but I think the people in town would like having a real soldier's blade. It's a deal with three gold.\"Dalca grabbed the blade which was pointed at and lay it down beside Erhard's blade. \"You didn't even try it. I should give it to you, to teach you a lesson about picking just any ol' sword, but I'm an honest guy.\" the maid coughed at that, getting a quick glare. \"You should try it, before you spend your money.\" he pushed the sword forward, offering it.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "The expression of the soldier obviously not believing the Blacksmith and how he just stared at them so quietly, spoke more than what the maiden wanted to hear. The blacksmith glossing right over it, obviously missing a lot of what was going on in his current state. More eager to make a sale than anything else. Until that damned woman interrupted him again, making him realize the customer was looking at the blades already. The maid still scrubbing and no looking up, to deliberately not catch the angry expression of her employer, but also missing the fact that Erhard's eyes were lingering over her. Under a layer of dirt and soot her skin was fair. A pert nose over full expressionable lips, even when drawn together in frustration. Her dark braided hair curling along to frame her cheek. She had a slender build, but her simple brown dress did little to hide that she had a good amount of strength for a woman. She obviously must do more than just scrubbing floors. Her hands were calloused, worn, and tough much like Dalca's."}, "post-57021": {"user": null, "user_num": null, "timestamp": "1480483221000", "message": "Erhard said nothing, and as he stood there it became more and more obvious that he was not a man of many words. He was a watcher, however. He watched, and he observed, and he noticed details.... about the maid, about the blacksmith, about the smithy and its goods therein.\"I have a talent for knowing when something is genuine... and when it is not,\" Erhard answered, looking very, very directly into Dalca's gaze with his own steady face; the face of an officer that could stare down an insubordinate soldier into submission, the face of an officer that could look into the coming onslaught of barbarians and still surged ahead. \"My sword, and a single gold piece.\" He counter-offered.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Erhard said nothing, and as he stood there it became more and more obvious that he was not a man of many words. He was a watcher, however. He watched, and he observed, and he noticed details.... about the maid, about the blacksmith, about the smithy and its goods therein."}, "post-57032": {"user": "Lilla Fabre", "user_num": 1948, "timestamp": "1480514312000", "message": "At the soldier's comment, both the blacksmith and the maid froze in shock. Dalca's red face darkened with anger as it was clear that Erhard was talking about more than just the blades. But as those battle hardened eyes stared him down, he found himself taking a step backwards, giving a hard swallow. \"You're... you're getting yourself a bargain... but alright, it's a deal.\"  He took the battle worn blade and the offered money giving the soldier his new blade. When held Erhard would feel how keenly balanced the blade was and that it was lighter than his old blade, but still seemed quite strong.The maid who had been watching all this quickly stood up with her bucket, looking angry and awkward, dashing out to the street to dump her filthy bucket water.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "At the soldier's comment, both the blacksmith and the maid froze in shock. Dalca's red face darkened with anger as it was clear that Erhard was talking about more than just the blades. But as those battle hardened eyes stared him down, he found himself taking a step backwards, giving a hard swallow. \"You're... you're getting yourself a bargain... but alright, it's a deal.\"  He took the battle worn blade and the offered money giving the soldier his new blade. When held Erhard would feel how keenly balanced the blade was and that it was lighter than his old blade, but still seemed quite strong."}, "post-57108": {"user": null, "user_num": null, "timestamp": "1480563032000", "message": "He watched steadily as Dalca swept up the used blade and the coin, and then Erhard reached for his sword. He looked down at it, studying its make as the woman seemed to get angry and stomp off with her bucket. The captain hefted it in his hand and gave a few nonchalant slashes. It'd do. He slid it into the sheathe at his hip, and then he moved after Lilla, following after her as she went out into the street to throw out her bucket.\"How long have you worked for him?\" Erhard asked Lilla, his eyes narrowed and squinting a bit with the sun as he settled his hands on his hips and waited for her to answer him with the patience of a man that had been tried and tested in a different type of forge.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "He watched steadily as Dalca swept up the used blade and the coin, and then Erhard reached for his sword. He looked down at it, studying its make as the woman seemed to get angry and stomp off with her bucket. "}, "post-57145": {"user": "Lilla Fabre", "user_num": 1948, "timestamp": "1480602015000", "message": "A splashing sound was heard as the maid threw it's contents into the street. She had made Dalca mad several times today. Nothing unusual with the surly drunk. But then that damned soldier had to point out what was genuine about that blade he purchased... he was going to cost her, her job! She spun around, ready to storm back into the smithy when she nearly bumped into Erhard who had apparently followed her. \"Almost two months.\" she replied sulkily. \"I need to go in and get yelled at some more... maybe that will calm down Dalca enough he will let me stay.\" She then added softly. \"Not many smithies allow women to work in them.\"She started to pass the soldier. \"You should have someone angle your blade a little, it'll make it easier on your wrist.\"", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "A splashing sound was heard as the maid threw it's contents into the street. She had made Dalca mad several times today. Nothing unusual with the surly drunk. But then that damned soldier had to point out what was genuine about that blade he purchased... he was going to cost her, her job! She spun around, ready to storm back into the smithy when she nearly bumped into Erhard who had apparently followed her. \"Almost two months.\" she replied sulkily. \"I need to go in and get yelled at some more... maybe that will calm down Dalca enough he will let me stay.\" She then added softly. \"Not many smithies allow women to work in them.\""}, "post-57149": {"user": null, "user_num": null, "timestamp": "1480605468000", "message": "He stepped in her way when she would have passed, his height and breadth easily making an impassable door. His gaze was steady on her face, even as his hands dropped from his hips, one resting relaxed on the Kimmel of his sword in an action that spoke of habit instead of promised threat, while the other remained relaxed at his side.\"Two months, and you already have that skill?\" He asked, a note of doubt in his voice. Was that even possible?", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "He stepped in her way when she would have passed, his height and breadth easily making an impassable door. His gaze was steady on her face, even as his hands dropped from his hips, one resting relaxed on the Kimmel of his sword in an action that spoke of habit instead of promised threat, while the other remained relaxed at his side."}, "post-57174": {"user": "Lilla Fabre", "user_num": 1948, "timestamp": "1480617374000", "message": "She frowned as the large man blocked her exit into the shop. She sighed softly as if to say 'please, just let me through already'. and then she heard his question and froze.He knew she made the blade he had bought... he basically came right out and told her, instead of hinting at it like he had earlier. She lifted her chin, the praise of her skill, bolstering a bit. She never talked down her work, even when it was being passed as someone else's. \"I have been practicing for three years. I learned from my husband, taking up his work when he broke his arm... When he passed, I lost the smithy and no one would buy my work. Dalca is a tyr... difficult.\" she quickly corrected herself, tryiing to see if Dalca was behind the soldier's frame. \"But at least I can use his shop. I really should get back in... he's probably livid.\"", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "She frowned as the large man blocked her exit into the shop. She sighed softly as if to say 'please, just let me through already'. and then she heard his question and froze."}, "post-57405": {"user": null, "user_num": null, "timestamp": "1480821383000", "message": "Erhard didn't have anything to say to her story. Instead, he watched her face. Beneath the grime, she was probably at least passably pretty. Her story wasn't a strange one, and it didn't really garner any sympathy from him for he'd heard too many like it. Not exact similarities, of course, but the over all situation.His patient eyes watched her face, and when she made to move past him and back into the smithy, she moved out of the way and watched her go for a moment. He had errands he needed to finish as well, gathering supplies and things he'd need for his own relaxation, and for his return to the front lines.But when he was finished with these, he returned to the smithy and leaned against one of its outer walls, loitering and waiting for the time when it would cool its forge and Lilla would leave for the day or be finished with her work. As he waited, he took a knife from his belt and began to peel an apple in his hands, content to just be until the time was right.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Erhard didn't have anything to say to her story. Instead, he watched her face. Beneath the grime, she was probably at least passably pretty. Her story wasn't a strange one, and it didn't really garner any sympathy from him for he'd heard too many like it. Not exact similarities, of course, but the over all situation."}, "post-57490": {"user": "Lilla Fabre", "user_num": 1948, "timestamp": "1480958633000", "message": "After telling her tale, she looked up into Erhard's face as he watched her silently, no reaction to it. She knew she wasn't the only woman who had trouble pursuing a trade or struggled with losing what she had. But she wasn't looking for pity or sympathy. What happened had happened. And she still had work to do.But the way this soldier looked at her... it was as if his gaze looked through her. It made her feel like she was standing before him nude! She felt a nearly forgotten sensation, of warmth on her cheeks as she moved past him.Once Erhard was gone she had gotten an earful from Dalca who was unhappy that he was treated like that by the shrewd knight. But a few hours and a bottle of wine later he had forgotten most of what had happened and was half dozing on a stool. Which made her finishing her long list of chores a lot easier.As dusk was approaching Dalca finally left to go to a local pub where he would likely drink more than he actually ate. Instead of the forge's fire cooling, Lilla stoked up the flames again, getting the bellows going. Once free of the owner's eye, she got to what she considered her 'real work'. The sound of the hammer could be heard ringing as she worked with the anvil. It felt good to work and even better to get out her day's frustrations out on the cherry red metal. It wasn't until then that she caught a glimpse of a man's silhouette loitering about the outside of the Smithy. \"We're closed for the day.\" she shouted towards him.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "After telling her tale, she looked up into Erhard's face as he watched her silently, no reaction to it. She knew she wasn't the only woman who had trouble pursuing a trade or struggled with losing what she had. But she wasn't looking for pity or sympathy. What happened had happened. And she still had work to do."}, "post-57577": {"user": null, "user_num": null, "timestamp": "1480996564000", "message": "He watched Dalca leave, but still he stayed, finishing his fruit, and then finishing some bread that he bought as well. The Captain had patience; patience to wait and see what he knew to be true. It was no surprise to him that the forge didn't close, and its fires weren't banked.He waited, and he watched, and when she finally noticed him, he tossed the butt of his bread into the gutter and moved deeper into the open forge so the light could finally wash over him. \"I know,\" he told her, and he moved to take a seat on a stool beside a high bench. He leaned an elbow on the bench near him.\"I wanted to watch for a while,\" he told the blacksmith, the real blacksmith, his gaze steady on her and the light of the fire making it warm. \"I'll be quiet.\" Understatement. The man didn't speak much, anyway.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "He watched Dalca leave, but still he stayed, finishing his fruit, and then finishing some bread that he bought as well. The Captain had patience; patience to wait and see what he knew to be true. It was no surprise to him that the forge didn't close, and its fires weren't banked."}, "post-57662": {"user": "Lilla Fabre", "user_num": 1948, "timestamp": "1481131179000", "message": "It was the soldier from before. He knew who she was and what she does. He had obviously been waiting to watch her work, as if to prove himself right. Or to see if she really did have the skills she had eluded to earlier. He wanted watch? She watched him take a stool near a bench. \"Alright.\" she knew he didn't say much, but when he did, it was clear he meant it.The lady blacksmith pulled the hot metal out of the forge again and started to pound it, shape it. Hefting it to test it's weight and balance. Looking down the length of hot metal as she scrutinized it. The metal was clearly becoming one of the well tuned blades Dalca was getting known for. After an hour the blade was nearly done. Lilla was smudged with soot, sweat dappling her skin from the heat and effort, wisps of her dark hair clinging to her cheek and neck.Wiping the sweat off her brow, she looked at the blade for a moment as it glowed in the forge. She grabbed a tin on a bench and pulled out a piece of clay from it, she rolled it between her hands into a thick log before tossing it to Erhard. \"Grip this for a long moment and set it on your bench.\" Then she got back to her task at hand.Wearing her thick leather glove she took the blade and put it in a large vise, clamping it down before grabbing the length of metal with her tongs, bending the blade a little. Once satisfied with the bend, she checked the heft in her glove, moving the hot blade through the air a little, before plunging it into a waiting tub of water, making it hiss and steam.The blacksmith pulled out some hilts she had made earlier and placed them in the forge to heat up. Taking the clay from the soldier she looked at it and set it on a nearby bench. She pulled out the halves of the hilt and started to reshape the pummel, shaping it to fit Erhard's hand, matching the clay example before her. she then lined up the pummel using some holes she hade made in base of the blade, heated it up and melted a rod of metal into the gaps, shaping and making the blade solid, before cooling it off again.She then went over to the whetstone, getting it wet as she started to run the pedal, sharpening the blade, honing it's tapered edges to a fine sharpness. Stopping to check it several times.Lilla approached the soldier. \"Please, take this blade instead of the one you purchased today.\" she said softly, offering the custom blade on the bench before Erhard. The blade was complete after hours of work, complete with the blacksmith's little touches.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "It was the soldier from before. He knew who she was and what she does. He had obviously been waiting to watch her work, as if to prove himself right. Or to see if she really did have the skills she had eluded to earlier. He wanted watch? She watched him take a stool near a bench. \"Alright.\" she knew he didn't say much, but when he did, it was clear he meant it."}, "post-57774": {"user": null, "user_num": null, "timestamp": "1481230417000", "message": "He watched her work; watched her sweat and toil. He was patient where he sat, only very occasionally adjusting his seat or his arms. For the  most part, they were comfortably crossed over the width of his chest, the flex of his biceps straining at the material of his sleeves.The heat built, and even he felt it -- although not as keenly as the lady blacksmith did. There was only a very light sheen on the skin available to the eye, and a gathering of it between his powerful shoulderblades that only gently darkened the shirt he wore.As she moved closer to him, a brow perked on his face, but he picked up the clay. He was familiar-enough with smithies to know what she was doing, so he gripped the clay in the same relaxed grip he would have saved for his sword. It would be interesting, seeing a grip like that on the long sword he needed for his work, but he was intrigued none the less.He didn't speak through out this time and was true to his word. By the time she was finished, he watched her approach, his gaze steady on her. He unfolded his arms and the stool creaked as he stood on his booted feet, taking the sword into his hand. He held it in his grip, took a few steps away from her and used the space to make a few maneuvers.Erhard looked down at the work of the sword, and turned back to Lilla. He kept both swords, and instead, his free hand went to the coin purse at his side and he took out three gold, and he handed it to her. \"What is your name?\" he asked.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "He watched her work; watched her sweat and toil. He was patient where he sat, only very occasionally adjusting his seat or his arms. For the  most part, they were comfortably crossed over the width of his chest, the flex of his biceps straining at the material of his sleeves."}, "post-57802": {"user": "Lilla Fabre", "user_num": 1948, "timestamp": "1481238487000", "message": "When Lilla worked in the forge, that's all there was. Dealing with Dalca, proving her worth, the losses she had in the past... they were gone. No worries, no frustrations. It was her and the metal. Working what was in her head into something real. Creation. A feeling of almost motherly pride as she presented a well crafted blade made to be a match for another.She held her breath a little as she watched Erhard pick up the blade and execute a few swift maneuvers in the empty shop. The blade almost sang as it sliced the air. He could feel the balance, how the hilt almost hugged his hand. The slight angle of the blade seemed to gleam in the light of the forge, it seemed to keep the blade at the advantage along with his movements.Lilla smiled, the first time the soldier had seen her do so all day, as she watched him with the blade. And then he stepped forward and put 3 gold into her hands, her eyes widening in surprise. \"You don't have to keep both blades...\" she said almost embarrassed. \"I just wanted to give you a blade more worthy of your skill.\" she would never admit that she was also showing off a bit, since he was keen to see her work. She wanted to show just how well she was versed in her trade. And he had been true to his word as well.And then he asked her his question... and it hung in the quiet dim smithy. She became aware of how hot it had gotten in there as she noted the slight shine of sweat on his skin. The damp spots on his shirt. And how her sweat drenched blouse clung to her body. The smithy seemed so small in that moment...\"Lilla Fabre.\" she said lifting her chin a bit proudly, giving the soldier another smile. \"And your name sir?\"", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "When Lilla worked in the forge, that's all there was. Dealing with Dalca, proving her worth, the losses she had in the past... they were gone. No worries, no frustrations. It was her and the metal. Working what was in her head into something real. Creation. A feeling of almost motherly pride as she presented a well crafted blade made to be a match for another."}, "post-57865": {"user": null, "user_num": null, "timestamp": "1481303224000", "message": "\"I know,\" he said simply to her remarks -- her reasoning as to why she had made a second blade. But he didn't sway, and he didn't bend, and he didn't expound upon his own reasoning. He'd given her coin for blade, and planned on keeping both. He was not a dual swordsman, but he knew of another that could use a blade like the one he had purchased directly from Dalca.So, he waited, as patient as the river. He was aware of her and the work she put in, how it must have honed her body. He could smell her sweat and labor, and although it appealed to him, he wouldn't give in. Yet.\"Captain Erhard van Bueren,\" he answered her steadily, no smile to meet hers but he also did not have a scowl of an expression. Merely just relaxed and at ease, as he always seemed to be. \"My men could use a blacksmith of your skill at the front lines,\" he told her. \"You would be paid, perhaps more than Dalca pays you now, but you're a woman, and so would have to deal with Dalcas ten times over. Yet... your work would be your own, and recognized as your own.\"", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "\"I know,\" he said simply to her remarks -- her reasoning as to why she had made a second blade. But he didn't sway, and he didn't bend, and he didn't expound upon his own reasoning. He'd given her coin for blade, and planned on keeping both. He was not a dual swordsman, but he knew of another that could use a blade like the one he had purchased directly from Dalca."}, "post-57935": {"user": "Lilla Fabre", "user_num": 1948, "timestamp": "1481326072000", "message": "Seeing that Erhard had his mind made up and made a fair price for the sword's worth, she took it. Why complain? If he wanted both swords, he could have them. She just didn't want him to feel obligated to take her work. And it appeared that once this Captain made up his mind, it was set.As she stood with the Captain, she learned why he was so good in battle, he was unflappable. Relaxed, yet ready. Taking things as they came. She blinked as he offered her a job. In likely one of the most dangerous places around, the front lines. And she would get paid more... to be honest, she didn't care so much about money, save for being able to run her own smithy. And that she would  afford to eat. Anything would be more than what she got from Dalca. She got a fraction of pay from any of her pieces which sold. And being that he undersold all of her work, she was lucky to get a silver for a nice blade.It sounded like a risky but possible steady career move. But he was right. She would being dealing with so many men just like or worse than Dalca everyday if she took the offer. As she was so often told, a woman had no place in a smithy or close to the front lines. But her work would be appreciated and it would be steady work. She thought it over.\"That's a generous offer... and it would be a big change for me... I should take some time to think it over...\" she grabbed the tub of water and used it to put the forge, starting to cool it and clean it out as it hissed and complained. Once finished she turned to Erhard. \"Alright Captain, you got yourself a blacksmith. When do you need me ready to go?\" she asked as locked up the shop.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Seeing that Erhard had his mind made up and made a fair price for the sword's worth, she took it. Why complain? If he wanted both swords, he could have them. She just didn't want him to feel obligated to take her work. And it appeared that once this Captain made up his mind, it was set."}, "post-58181": {"user": null, "user_num": null, "timestamp": "1481599889000", "message": "He said nothing, inwardly agreeing with her caution. She'd be stupid to leap at the chance without actually thinking over the pros and cons of a decision... and the blacksmith did not strike him as stupid. Tired, maybe. Determined, yes. But not stupid.He was patient as he continued to wait for her, watching the way she moved, noticing the way her clothes wrapped around her but not letting his eyes linger. She was a pretty woman, but she was an excellent blacksmith and he didn't want to insult her or otherwise jeopardize his chance here.He didn't offer to help her, either. She seemed to know what she was doing, and her cleaning seemed to be almost a ritual for her. The Captain could tell that she was thinking, and as he truly wasn't there to get in her way, he kept himself quietly composed where he had originally sat. When it seemed as if she was finished for the day, he eased off the stool with a grace of a man borne to war, double swords at his hip. He walked toward the door with her. \"I leave at dawn two days hence,\" he told her, pleased with her decision. \"Hopefully that will be enough time to get your affairs in order before we journey. My squire will be with us. How many belongings do you have?\" he asked her, wondering if he should rent a cart.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "He said nothing, inwardly agreeing with her caution. She'd be stupid to leap at the chance without actually thinking over the pros and cons of a decision... and the blacksmith did not strike him as stupid. Tired, maybe. Determined, yes. But not stupid."}, "post-58200": {"user": "Crowned Death", "user_num": 2016, "timestamp": "1481603865000", "message": "At the edge of the village, a child becomes visible as he crests a nearby hill.  He is of moderate height, walking at a brisk pace.  His stride is almost comical, the stilted step of a young boy miming a soldier's march.  He looks to be around fourteen, and is clad in a beautiful tunic of pristine white cloth.  He wears nothing else, not even a scabbard for the long sword he carries. The sword is of exquisite craftsmanship, beautiful in how it glitters in the light, beautiful in how impossibly sharp it appears.  Such a thing couldn't possibly be used a weapon.  It would shatter almost immediately.  His eyes are sapphires, glinting from a face that speaks of childish mirth.  His hair is blonde, a beautiful gold that glimmers in the mid-day sun.  And, as he grows closer still, the faint sound of his singing slowly becomes audible.  A cheerful refrain, the kind of song that makes you take notice of the sun, appreciate the flowers, perhaps take a moment to be thankful for the paradise in which you live.  Indeed, were it not for the incomprehensible language he is singing in, you might notice that it is about these very things that he sings.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "At the edge of the village, a child becomes visible as he crests a nearby hill.  He is of moderate height, walking at a brisk pace.  His stride is almost comical, the stilted step of a young boy miming a soldier's march.  He looks to be around fourteen, and is clad in a beautiful tunic of pristine white cloth.  He wears nothing else, not even a scabbard for the long sword he carries. The sword is of exquisite craftsmanship, beautiful in how it glitters in the light, beautiful in how impossibly sharp it appears.  Such a thing couldn't possibly be used a weapon.  It would shatter almost immediately.  His eyes are sapphires, glinting from a face that speaks of childish mirth.  His hair is blonde, a beautiful gold that glimmers in the mid-day sun.  And, as he grows closer still, the faint sound of his singing slowly becomes audible.  A cheerful refrain, the kind of song that makes you take notice of the sun, appreciate the flowers, perhaps take a moment to be thankful for the paradise in which you live.  Indeed, were it not for the incomprehensible language he is singing in, you might notice that it is about these very things that he sings."}, "post-58233": {"user": "Lilla Fabre", "user_num": 1948, "timestamp": "1481650388000", "message": "As Lilla closed up the forge and the shop, it was clear that she had a method and process on how she did things. Every item had it's spot and place. Everything was cooled off, empty, and ready for the next day. Thinking about the day and how it had so much going on in it. As well as a better opportunity, a tough opportunity, to apply her trade.And then she noticed something... was... was Erhard looking at her? Well, yes, he was watching her... there wasn't much to see here, he had already been in the smithy for several hours. But there was a couple times where Lilla could almost feel his gaze tracing over her. But each time she glanced, he was just casually looking about the shop. With a small smile on her lips, her hips started to sway a little as she busied herself about her tasks.As they were leaving the shop and she took his offer, he told her she had a couple days before he would leave. Seeming concerned that she wouldn't have enough time to get things in order and ready to leave. Lilla gave a sheepish smile. \"Actually, I could leave within a couple hours. I don't have much. My tools, a couple of dresses, and my purse. I don't have many friends in town and would just have to make sure to settle things with Dalca.\" she made a face of disdain, she was sure that wouldn't go well.She realized she was about to go in another direction to get back to the little room Dalca was letting her live in. \"So, I'll see you soon?\" she asked, pausing in the cool moonlit evening, chin lifted a little as she waited for his answer.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "As Lilla closed up the forge and the shop, it was clear that she had a method and process on how she did things. Every item had it's spot and place. Everything was cooled off, empty, and ready for the next day. Thinking about the day and how it had so much going on in it. As well as a better opportunity, a tough opportunity, to apply her trade."}, "post-58541": {"user": "Crowned Death", "user_num": 2016, "timestamp": "1482190827000", "message": "The child skips unimpeded into the village, singing his merry song.  Indeed, the song seems almost infectious, bringing smiles to the faces of all who hear it.  Then, still laughing and giggling, the child drives his long, wickedly sharp sword into the nearest man.  It sinks effortlessly up to the hilt into his gut.  The child cheerfully sings as he drags the sword out, and begins moving toward his next target, this time a young girl of six standing petrified a few feet away.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "The child skips unimpeded into the village, singing his merry song.  Indeed, the song seems almost infectious, bringing smiles to the faces of all who hear it.  Then, still laughing and giggling, the child drives his long, wickedly sharp sword into the nearest man.  It sinks effortlessly up to the hilt into his gut.  The child cheerfully sings as he drags the sword out, and begins moving toward his next target, this time a young girl of six standing petrified a few feet away."}, "post-58702": {"user": "The Divine Empire of Vessia", "user_num": 1951, "timestamp": "1482691940000", "message": "Fr\u00eemark belonging to the Rexus family was well known to be the home-town of the Emperor. As one could imagine the man had quite a care for it and made sure that it was the first among equals on the matter of troops marching through it. It meant that anyone trying to do something nefarious would have few to no chances of just getting away with it. On this day Generalissimo Albrecht von Korden was marching his state troops through the men having moments ago been relieved. Like all other leaders the noble fancied himself to be a man of the people and saw to necessary to go around town. The man was quite rotund being blessed by pork and beer to have a rather massive gut - however by the Clergy he was blessed to be quite a lot more combat ready than he looked. He gasped with a jiggle of the triple chin upon seeing a person stabbed down the street. Who the hell did this person think they were? They were lucky a Witch Hunter or some of the nastier folks were not about. Instead the state troopers were present. Oh well, it didn't seem to be too muc trouble. Not when clad from head to toe in hagbane silver armour and weapons of the sort. His horse galloped extraordinarily fast despite being a big one encumbered by three-piece barding and when the man got close he went for an underhand axe swing with his right hand accompanied by a shield bash from the left upon the figure; both were wide sweeping movements leaving little space for evasion. His honour guard was not far behind with their own axes raised high to assail the strange arrival from their mounts.\u00a0", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Fr\u00eemark belonging to the Rexus family was well known to be the home-town of the Emperor. As one could imagine the man had quite a care for it and made sure that it was the first among equals on the matter of troops marching through it. It meant that anyone trying to do something nefarious would have few to no chances of just getting away with it. On this day Generalissimo Albrecht von Korden was marching his state troops through the men having moments ago been relieved. Like all other leaders the noble fancied himself to be a man of the people and saw to necessary to go around town. The man was quite rotund being blessed by pork and beer to have a rather massive gut - however by the Clergy he was blessed to be quite a lot more combat ready than he looked. He gasped with a jiggle of the triple chin upon seeing a person stabbed down the street. Who the hell did this person think they were? They were lucky a Witch Hunter or some of the nastier folks were not about. Instead the state troopers were present. Oh well, it didn't seem to be too muc trouble. Not when clad from head to toe in hagbane silver armour and weapons of the sort. His horse galloped extraordinarily fast despite being a big one encumbered by three-piece barding and when the man got close he went for an underhand axe swing with his right hand accompanied by a shield bash from the left upon the figure; both were wide sweeping movements leaving little space for evasion. His honour guard was not far behind with their own axes raised high to assail the strange arrival from their mounts.\u00a0"}, "post-58705": {"user": "Crowned Death", "user_num": 2016, "timestamp": "1482729789000", "message": "He arrives too late to save the child, who collapses in a rapidly spreading pool of her own blood.  He turns to see the guard charging at him, and smiles.  A genuine, joyous smile.  The moment following is one that might haunt the survivors for years to come.  The smiling, angelic child calmly steps into the axe stroke.  The shield bash could never hit him, being on the left side of the horse.  He makes no attempt to escape his own death.  Rather, where any sane man would attempt to block or dodge, he attacks.  There can be no dodging for either party, not when both have so committed.  The axe stroke is solid and immediately lethal, catching the boy in the lower chest and cleaving up.  Bones snap and lungs deflate. blood pouring out of the gaping wound.  However, the return blow is equally ugly.  The sword is sharp.  Too sharp.  It bites into the armor near the neck, puncturing it and sinking in fully four inches.  Then, it shatters explosively, shards of razor sharp steel flying in all directions.  Several even strike its former wielder, adding new wounds to his ruined body.  Still smiling serenely, the boy collapses to the ground, his singing gurgling to silence.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "He arrives too late to save the child, who collapses in a rapidly spreading pool of her own blood.  He turns to see the guard charging at him, and smiles.  A genuine, joyous smile.  The moment following is one that might haunt the survivors for years to come.  The smiling, angelic child calmly steps into the axe stroke.  The shield bash could never hit him, being on the left side of the horse.  He makes no attempt to escape his own death.  Rather, where any sane man would attempt to block or dodge, he attacks.  There can be no dodging for either party, not when both have so committed.  The axe stroke is solid and immediately lethal, catching the boy in the lower chest and cleaving up.  Bones snap and lungs deflate. blood pouring out of the gaping wound.  However, the return blow is equally ugly.  The sword is sharp.  Too sharp.  It bites into the armor near the neck, puncturing it and sinking in fully four inches.  Then, it shatters explosively, shards of razor sharp steel flying in all directions.  Several even strike its former wielder, adding new wounds to his ruined body.  Still smiling serenely, the boy collapses to the ground, his singing gurgling to silence."}, "post-58711": {"user": "The Divine Empire of Vessia", "user_num": 1951, "timestamp": "1482767025000", "message": "As remarked earlier Albrecht was wearing full hagbane silver armour, not to speak of it being designed in Gothic Plate; the area where his neck should have been exposed was covered by a neck guard, helmet, chainmail and boiled leather. Even if it did go that far four inches would barely make a scratch upon the Generalissimo's neck, and the blessings of Angels and Saints let him shrug off mere shrapnel and shards. Gott uber alles. Of course the men accompanying him would be hit by the shrapnel in a nasty way for they all had their visors up so their leader could identify them - a man with armour so round needed no identification. Promptly the men who were not busy picking bots of metal from their faces would dismount and investigate the body, one running off for a Cleric to also see what the hell it was and to hopefully perform a miracle on the young lassie.\u00a0", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "<i>As remarked earlier </i>"}, "post-58713": {"user": "Crowned Death", "user_num": 2016, "timestamp": "1482777657000", "message": "The armor had indeed saved the soldier.  The sword had made an ugly gash in plate, almost puncturing through fully, but had clearly stopped just short of the skin.   A long shard protrudes from the hole.  Oddly, the shard is cold to the touch, and begins to melt almost immediately after shattering.  The metal takes on a silvery hue and evaporates, leaving little evidence that the weapon existed in the first place.  The child's body, on the other hand, has no such strange properties.  To any observer, it is simply an corpse.  Following this moment, there would be almost two hours.  At the end of this period, the sound would carry faintly over the hill.  Unearthly singing.  But where before, there had been one voice.  This time, there is a chorus.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "The armor had indeed saved the soldier.  The sword had made an ugly gash in plate, almost puncturing through fully, but had clearly stopped just short of the skin.   A long shard protrudes from the hole.  Oddly, the shard is cold to the touch, and begins to melt almost immediately after shattering.  The metal takes on a silvery hue and evaporates, leaving little evidence that the weapon existed in the first place.  The child's body, on the other hand, has no such strange properties.  To any observer, it is simply an corpse.  Following this moment, there would be almost two hours.  At the end of this period, the sound would carry faintly over the hill.  Unearthly singing.  But where before, there had been one voice.  This time, there is a chorus."}, "post-58738": {"user": "The Divine Empire of Vessia", "user_num": 1951, "timestamp": "1482803355000", "message": "The Generallissimo was not pleased with what was going on. Two people had already died while he was about, and in the home of the Emperor no less. He just hoped the man would be understanding and would focus on the heretical aspect rather than Albrecht's fault here. It seemed to get worse with the strange singing getting louder; odd, considering that the last elves and fae in the region were exterminated nearly a century ago. The soldiers were ordered all to patrol rather than slack, halberds at the ready along with their plate armour's visors lowered. The civilians were also notified, the men folk picking up their crossbows and kriegsmessers. The Clergy was ready to banish whatever dark things would come, and they also sent chapels nearby a message to be on alert. The corpse would also be handled by Clerics to be burned in a furnace aided by the papers of the Clerics and what little remained would be buried down a deep hole and sealed. ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "The Generallissimo was not pleased with what was going on. Two people had already died while he was about, and in the home of the Emperor no less. He just hoped the man would be understanding and would focus on the heretical aspect rather than Albrecht's fault here. It seemed to get worse with the strange singing getting louder; odd, considering that the last elves and fae in the region were exterminated nearly a century ago. The soldiers were ordered all to patrol rather than slack, halberds at the ready along with their plate armour's visors lowered. The civilians were also notified, the men folk picking up their crossbows and kriegsmessers. The Clergy was ready to banish whatever dark things would come, and they also sent chapels nearby a message to be on alert. The corpse would also be handled by Clerics to be burned in a furnace aided by the papers of the Clerics and what little remained would be buried down a deep hole and sealed. "}, "post-58747": {"user": "Crowned Death", "user_num": 2016, "timestamp": "1482814448000", "message": "By now, the sun has set fully.  However, there is an eerie glow on the hill.  A warm, pure light shining down.  Then, the first pair appear at the top of the hill.  Both share the sapphire eyes and blonde hair of the first child.  Their robes, just as beautiful.  Their swords just as sharp. They march in the midday sun, which pours down upon them from the evening sky. As they step forward, the next pair mounts the crest behind them.  It becomes clear that this is a column, formally assembled.  Side by side, the soldiers cross the hill.  The line shows no sign of ending.  As they march, they sing.  However, the language has changed.  Some of it is still in that strange, unidentifiable tongue, but here and there new words have woven themselves into the song, words in the language of Vessia.  \"Sun\", \"Joy\", and \"Death\".  ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "By now, the sun has set fully.  However, there is an eerie glow on the hill.  A warm, pure light shining down.  Then, the first pair appear at the top of the hill.  Both share the sapphire eyes and blonde hair of the first child.  Their robes, just as beautiful.  Their swords just as sharp. They march in the midday sun, which pours down upon them from the evening sky. As they step forward, the next pair mounts the crest behind them.  It becomes clear that this is a column, formally assembled.  Side by side, the soldiers cross the hill.  The line shows no sign of ending.  As they march, they sing.  However, the language has changed.  Some of it is still in that strange, unidentifiable tongue, but here and there new words have woven themselves into the song, words in the language of Vessia.  \"Sun\", \"Joy\", and \"Death\".  "}, "post-58763": {"user": "The Divine Empire of Vessia", "user_num": 1951, "timestamp": "1482855703000", "message": "If there was one thing that proved Albrecht had some sort of shred of competence it was his quick thinking. Four carroballistas would ride near and send volley after volley of heavy bolts into these arrivals. Two mangonels would be trained upon them both throwing their stones and the many men under the Generalissimo would form up; they would place down their pavise shields as makeshift fortifications and raise their halberds obscuring their actual numbers. A section of crank crossbows slicing through any armour would let loose hundreds of bolts aided by four standard ballistae. Finally, six piston flamethrowers would line up and as the arrivals got closer they would release grand waves of alchemical fire. Assembled Clerics would prepare their magical powers.\u00a0(10x Charge 1)\u00a0", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "If there was one thing that proved Albrecht had some sort of shred of competence it was his quick thinking. Four carroballistas would ride near and send volley after volley of heavy bolts into these arrivals. Two mangonels would be trained upon them both throwing their stones and the many men under the Generalissimo would form up; they would place down their pavise shields as makeshift fortifications and raise their halberds obscuring their actual numbers. A section of crank crossbows slicing through any armour would let loose hundreds of bolts aided by four standard ballistae. Finally, six piston flamethrowers would line up and as the arrivals got closer they would release grand waves of alchemical fire. Assembled Clerics would prepare their magical powers.\u00a0"}, "post-58765": {"user": "Crowned Death", "user_num": 2016, "timestamp": "1482856086000", "message": "Each volley easily cuts through the ranks of the soldiers,  who collapse into bloody piles.  Often they are struck with multiple bolts as they fall.  Their formation makes it, at once, impossible to miss hitting someone, and impossible to hit the person you are aiming at.   However, the line continues to pour over the hill.  The corpses begin to pile, crumpling as rivulets and streams of blood flow down the hill and toward the assembled soldiers.  ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Each volley easily cuts through the ranks of the soldiers,  who collapse into bloody piles.  Often they are struck with multiple bolts as they fall.  Their formation makes it, at once, impossible to miss hitting someone, and impossible to hit the person you are aiming at.   However, the line continues to pour over the hill.  The corpses begin to pile, crumpling as rivulets and streams of blood flow down the hill and toward the assembled soldiers.  "}, "post-58766": {"user": "The Divine Empire of Vessia", "user_num": 1951, "timestamp": "1482856741000", "message": "The industrial might of Vessia and it's great infrastructure meant that soldiers had no shortage of ammunition and such; the piston flamethrowers would do their work to melt corpses. The Clerics would keep charging their power, encouraged that men from another towns chapel were coming.\u00a0(10x charge 2, 10x charge 1)", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "The industrial might of Vessia and it's great infrastructure meant that soldiers had no shortage of ammunition and such; the piston flamethrowers would do their work to melt corpses. The Clerics would keep charging their power, encouraged that men from another towns chapel were coming.\u00a0"}, "post-58767": {"user": "Crowned Death", "user_num": 2016, "timestamp": "1482857169000", "message": "That's where problems begin to arise.  The corpses don't burn.  Neither do the soldiers, actually.  The flame licks at them, but exhausts itself, finding no fuel.  The column continues to march, and the pile of the dead and dying continues to mount.  At this point, it  is becoming increasingly hard to see the soldiers marching over the hill through the mounting pile.  Instead, it is more often that the soldiers, gravely wounded, fall from the pile to land at its base.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "That's where problems begin to arise.  The corpses don't burn.  Neither do the soldiers, actually.  The flame licks at them, but exhausts itself, finding no fuel.  The column continues to march, and the pile of the dead and dying continues to mount.  At this point, it  is becoming increasingly hard to see the soldiers marching over the hill through the mounting pile.  Instead, it is more often that the soldiers, gravely wounded, fall from the pile to land at its base."}, "post-58768": {"user": "The Divine Empire of Vessia", "user_num": 1951, "timestamp": "1482858110000", "message": "The soldiers were quite surprised when flames that tended to melt steel were not sufficient, but it seemed they had another problem at hand. Two of the carroballistae would flank around while still firing to see where they seemed to be coming from; the rest of the soldiers would keep firing, only making sure to get some of the peasant-folk to bring over a few barricades to place down. The Priests would continue charging their powers, a shine in the sky indicative of great energy being brought forth. The relief force would also line up and help with the process, a few Hippogryph riders soaring into the sky to look down upon what was happening.\u00a0(10x charge 3, 10x charge 2)\u00a0", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "The soldiers were quite surprised when flames that tended to melt steel were not sufficient, but it seemed they had another problem at hand. Two of the carroballistae would flank around while still firing to see where they seemed to be coming from; the rest of the soldiers would keep firing, only making sure to get some of the peasant-folk to bring over a few barricades to place down. The Priests would continue charging their powers, a shine in the sky indicative of great energy being brought forth. The relief force would also line up and help with the process, a few Hippogryph riders soaring into the sky to look down upon what was happening.\u00a0"}, "post-58769": {"user": "Crowned Death", "user_num": 2016, "timestamp": "1482858853000", "message": "Moving the carroballistae would prove a costly mistake, although only due to timing.  It would be at this moment that the groups climbing the hill would shift slightly.  No longer did they come in twos.  Now they marched in threes, then fours.  The column itself would shift its direction slightly.  Under such a flood of troops, there could be no stopping it.  They would overwhelm the two mispositioned ballistae, before turning back to their original course.  Where before, there was a stalemate, this time there would be a slow shift.  Each soldier advancing perhaps an inch further than the last.  The viewers from above would see a ribbon of light.  A continuous column of soldiers stretching for miles before vanishing into a densely wooded area.  ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Moving the carroballistae would prove a costly mistake, although only due to timing.  It would be at this moment that the groups climbing the hill would shift slightly.  No longer did they come in twos.  Now they marched in threes, then fours.  The column itself would shift its direction slightly.  Under such a flood of troops, there could be no stopping it.  They would overwhelm the two mispositioned ballistae, before turning back to their original course.  Where before, there was a stalemate, this time there would be a slow shift.  Each soldier advancing perhaps an inch further than the last.  The viewers from above would see a ribbon of light.  A continuous column of soldiers stretching for miles before vanishing into a densely wooded area.  "}, "post-58783": {"user": "The Divine Empire of Vessia", "user_num": 1951, "timestamp": "1482869482000", "message": "The horses upon the carroballistae were blessed things, and could move much faster than ordinary horses.\u00a0The Priests would expend their charges and a Holy white flame would hit the children with the properties of a disease: it would spread from one to the next incinerating the bodies into nothingness. It would travel without any delay from one to the next unavoidable thanks to their proximity and the strange enemies would all be burned.\u00a0(All charges expended. If you want to bring in any more enemies you better show me where you are getting your NPC points from)\u00a0", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "The horses upon the carroballistae were blessed things, and could move much faster than ordinary horses.\u00a0"}, "post-58787": {"user": "Crowned Death", "user_num": 2016, "timestamp": "1482871926000", "message": "The flames lick over the soldiers, but kill only a few dozen.  As they descend, they seem to pause for a moment, fading as they hit an almost imperceptible wall.  Weakened, it hits the first group, and incinerates them completely.  However, as it spreads, it continues to strike such minor barriers.  Individually, they sap little of the spell's strength, but en mass they stop the spell outright after only forty soldiers.  By the fifth wave, the corpses begin to endure the damage.  This buys a respite of almost a minute, but certainly does nothing to the column, which continues to mount the hill.  At this point, the defenders must surely be running low on resources, having expended thousands of bolts.  Loading a crossbow is hardly an easy task, requiring strength and time.  The timing of the attack is at night, means that the soldiers could hardly be fresh or well rested.  Exhaustion begins to sink in.  Still the soldiers pour over the peak of the hill.(What NPCs?  You are fighting one creature.)", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "The flames lick over the soldiers, but kill only a few dozen.  As they descend, they seem to pause for a moment, fading as they hit an almost imperceptible wall.  Weakened, it hits the first group, and incinerates them completely.  However, as it spreads, it continues to strike such minor barriers.  Individually, they sap little of the spell's strength, but en mass they stop the spell outright after only forty soldiers.  By the fifth wave, the corpses begin to endure the damage.  This buys a respite of almost a minute, but certainly does nothing to the column, which continues to mount the hill.  At this point, the defenders must surely be running low on resources, having expended thousands of bolts.  Loading a crossbow is hardly an easy task, requiring strength and time.  The timing of the attack is at night, means that the soldiers could hardly be fresh or well rested.  Exhaustion begins to sink in.  Still the soldiers pour over the peak of the hill."}, "post-58791": {"user": "Admin", "user_num": 1, "timestamp": "1482876441000", "message": "(These are NPCs. They have to be. They are separate entities from the player character, that in theory, could each exist in a different thread. Most players understand that the system for NPC counts is to assure that no single player can claim the existence of an undefined number of attackers that can easily imbalance the game and ruin lots of fun by creating vastly unfair scenarios. Had this not been a concern, the NPC system would not need to exist. This is very clearly, painfully, obviously happening here and there is no reasonable doubt that this is the strategy at play.The raison d'etre\u00a0of the NPC \"system\" tends to be understood on the instinctive level by the majority of players, comparable with such concepts as taking turns, posting at border threads first, and not automatically posting attack \"hits\" on another player's characters.This scene is going to require some adjustment - either a full retcon, or a cessation of cheating from this point forth, depending on the thread author's choosing.)", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "(These are NPCs. They have to be. They are separate entities from the player character, that in theory, could each exist in a different thread. Most players understand that the system for NPC counts is to "}, "post-58792": {"user": "Crowned Death", "user_num": 2016, "timestamp": "1482877097000", "message": "(These are most assuredly not NPCs.  I present for your perusal the concept of the Hydra.  Cut off one head, and two more will grow.  These are not independent beings.  They cannot exist on their own.  They are the hands and feet of a monster.  The bodies are entirely mindless.  Are you saying that my character is not allowed to have hands that look like people?)", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "(These are most assuredly not NPCs.  I present for your perusal the concept of the Hydra.  Cut off one head, and two more will grow.  These are not independent beings.  They cannot exist on their own.  They are the hands and feet of a monster.  The bodies are entirely mindless.  Are you saying that my character is not allowed to have hands that look like people?)"}, "post-58796": {"user": "Admin", "user_num": 1, "timestamp": "1482878274000", "message": "(Close, but not exactly.The reasoning has been explained in detail above. This is an unfair capability designed to mimic NPCs, so the same problems apply. Most people understand this instinctively. If you had created a \"group\" that details the potential army that fighting this character can accidentally cause, then you could in theory set up a character that could field up to 100 versions of itself, provided each doppleganger or \"hand\" shares the qualities outlined on the NPCs and Extras page. This page covers \"Extras\", or character-like elements that might not be considered \"non-player\" by many people's definitions for a variety of reasons. This means that just because the extra isn't a traditional NPC soldier of a nation with a different \"soul\" than his boss, it must still adhere to some rules.The opportunity to create a \"group\" is still on the table should you wish to proceed, as the author of the thread has chosen not to specifically address the border thread issue. It sounds like there is willingness to proceed, but in a legal manner that does not afford you unlimited advantage.)", "link_list": ["http://thefantasysandbox.boards.net/thread/1363/using-player-characters-npcs-extras"], "image_list": [], "html": "(Close, but not exactly."}}