{"post-74045": {"user": "The Hizashi Clan", "user_num": 2449, "timestamp": "1507839599000", "message": "Some way from the old capital of Isho, work has begun on constructing a new capital for Sarisu island. The Hizashi Clan supervise the workers as they build the new town to an orderly square grid pattern. Refugees from Isho City have been offered food and temporary lodging here in exchange for their labour. When the town is built, most will likely stay. Additional workers have been drafted in from Tamisho port and the few villages around the island.\u00a0The city is progressing apace, a new headquarters for the Hizashi clan in Sarisu, is being constructed here, as well as houses, shops, stables, river frontage, and a temple. Meanwhile a shanty town houses the refugees until more permanent housing is built. There is a lot of activity as building materials arrive, and a small market even exists to serve the needs of the workers and their overseers.\u00a0Work proceeds quickly, as all Tawakoshi is used to the destruction and reconstruction of towns and cities due to earthquakes and fires that spread easily through wood and paper buildings.\u00a0", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Some way from the old capital of Isho, work has begun on constructing a new capital for Sarisu island. The Hizashi Clan supervise the workers as they build the new town to an orderly square grid pattern. Refugees from Isho City have been offered food and temporary lodging here in exchange for their labour. When the town is built, most will likely stay. Additional workers have been drafted in from Tamisho port and the few villages around the island.\u00a0"}, "post-77211": {"user": "Tawakoshi", "user_num": 2730, "timestamp": "1514629239000", "message": "Draped in their monk ropes these workers didn't look like workers at all. By the request of clan Hizashi the monks have been dispatched from the House of Reason to establish anti magic stones in what would be the new capital on Sarisu Island. No stones have been recovered from Isho City though and thus new have been brought in and the ruins of Isho City no longer enjoy direct magic protection. ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Draped in their monk ropes these workers didn't look like workers at all. By the request of clan Hizashi the monks have been dispatched from the House of Reason to establish anti magic stones in what would be the new capital on Sarisu Island. "}}