{"post-96466": {"user": "Momo the Storyteller", "user_num": 3675, "timestamp": "1588814966000", "message": "A long standing series of structures that were once the busy, bustling city of Edgebury - now weathered and worn and damaged, though several buildings still somehow remain upright. Braziers that were once lit have been lit once again though not to the bright, fiery torches they had been once before - leading to a few key buildings that seem to have been reinforced and used once again.The most renowned building of these reused structures is a massive cathedral that seems steeped in an eerie darkness yet filled with warmth - albeit an uninviting warmth - from within. Old, carved channels that once served as decorative waterways fed from a fountain atop the building that cascaded from those roofs now run with liquid fire.", "link_list": [], "image_list": ["https://i.pinimg.com/564x/89/97/4a/89974a1b5c9c69c2c167f595e841bdb6.jpg"], "html": "<div align=\"center\"><font face=\"georgia\">A long standing series of structures that were once the busy, bustling city of Edgebury - now weathered and worn and damaged, though several buildings still somehow remain upright. Braziers that were once lit have been lit once again though not to the bright, fiery torches they had been once before - leading to a few key buildings that seem to have been reinforced and used once again.</font></div>"}, "post-96467": {"user": "Momo the Storyteller", "user_num": 3675, "timestamp": "1588815121000", "message": "The woman Viessa proved to be troublesome up until she finally clocked out and went to hit the floor inside the Edgebury barn. The task was near complete.When Viessa would finally come to, likely after a few hours, she would find herself still relatively disoriented but more some from a very unfamiliar surrounding - namely, the cramped and dark hole she was in. She would feel her body curled up yet pressing against solid walls of wood, composed of wide planks with only slivers of space between them that allowed in a very filtered light that did almost nothing to illuminate this dark place. Her arms would be pulled behind her back and wrists roughly tied, as well as her ankles together. And the entire space rattled and bumped and swayed along with the sound of worn wheels rolling along a dirt road from beyond her predicament.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "The woman Viessa proved to be troublesome up until she finally clocked out and went to hit the floor inside the Edgebury barn. The task was near complete."}, "post-96470": {"user": "Viessa Beiris", "user_num": 3699, "timestamp": "1588817629000", "message": "She groaned when she opened her eyes, nausea roiling within her gut as she came to. How long had she been asleep? She couldn't remember... Not at first. But it took her flexing her fingers to realize she was in trouble, for her arms were behind her back and hands tied, as were her feet. \"Nononononononononono!\" She fought against her bonds, only to find they were too tight to escape. Ugh, she hated the darkness, the tight space where she had been carelessly stuffed by a couple of ruffians who wouldn't even tell her why they were after her. She had done nothing wrong! What was she to do now?", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "She groaned when she opened her eyes, nausea roiling within her gut as she came to. How long had she been asleep? She couldn't remember... Not at first. But it took her flexing her fingers to realize she was in trouble, for her arms were behind her back and hands tied, as were her feet. \"Nononononononononono!\" She fought against her bonds, only to find they were too tight to escape. Ugh, she hated the darkness, the tight space where she had been carelessly stuffed by a couple of ruffians who wouldn't even tell her why they were after her. She had done nothing wrong! "}, "post-96472": {"user": "Momo the Storyteller", "user_num": 3675, "timestamp": "1588820140000", "message": "There was little that could be done while she rocked around in the darkness. She would remain cramped for a while longer.Then the sound of the wheels rattling on cobblestone roads announced a change. It became more apparent that she was inside a wooden crate as it bounced along. The movement continued for just a few more minutes before it slowed to a stop and the sounds of travel ceased, as well. Viessa would feel the crate shift as it was dragged a very short distance, and then there was a series of wooden pops before one of the walls before her eyes fell away and firelight poured into the tiny crate.There were two men in red standing at the box that had just opened, apparently up on an elevated plane that brought her balled figured to their waist level. They were different from the two she had seen before, but still very much of the same group from the red cloth and iron armor plates and imposing masks. They reached in to grab her at her arms and drag her out, looking to toss her over a shoulder and take her away - namely down a tall but narrow corridor wrought of stone and decorated in ruined tapestries, hardly lit from the flickering torches along the walls.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "There was little that could be done while she rocked around in the darkness. She would remain cramped for a while longer."}, "post-96477": {"user": "Viessa Beiris", "user_num": 3699, "timestamp": "1588865323000", "message": "Sweat poured from her forehead as she was released from the prison of the small box, only to find herself being hoisted over a shoulder and carried through a narrow corridor. \"I'm going to puke,\" she warned the man who carried her, not lying one bit as a gag bleated out. Whether the man set her down or not, it happened. She hated small spaces, in fact, she was lucky she didn't have a panic attack at being balled up and in some kind of crate. It had been like being in a coffin to her. And now they were in more tight space.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Sweat poured from her forehead as she was released from the prison of the small box, only to find herself being hoisted over a shoulder and carried through a narrow corridor. \"I'm going to puke,\" she warned the man who carried her, not lying one bit as a gag bleated out. Whether the man set her down or not, it happened. She hated small spaces, in fact, she was lucky she didn't have a panic attack at being balled up and in some kind of crate. It had been like being in a coffin to her. And now they were in more tight space."}, "post-96480": {"user": "Momo the Storyteller", "user_num": 3675, "timestamp": "1588945831000", "message": "When their captive tossed her cookies over the man's shoulder he faltered with a disgusted groan - even though her head was at his back that didn't stop her from staining his robes with the foul stench of her stomach contents.\"That is wretched,\" he snarled, resuming his pace up the corridor as his companion carefully tip toed around the mess she left and kept a safe distance from the pair of them - not looking to have her vomit on him next.Fortunately the hall didn't continue on much farther, hopefully with fewer accidents from Viessa as she was carried. It opened into a sprawling chamber that was almost sweltering despite the space. It was almost rounded with a high platform almost dead center of the roughly build chamber, standing perhaps four or five feet from the ground and reached via a single staircase. At the top of the platform was a single standing slab decorated at the base all the way around with a number of skulls and heavy chains and shackles hanging off from the corners. The level floor and altar was only half the chamber - the other half was a massive pool of fiery, bubbling magma with several pillars of blackened stone jutting out from beneath the surface. This was clearly the source of the heat.Their destination was the steps leading up to the altar.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "When their captive tossed her cookies over the man's shoulder he faltered with a disgusted groan - even though her head was at his back that didn't stop her from staining his robes with the foul stench of her stomach contents."}, "post-96495": {"user": "Viessa Beiris", "user_num": 3699, "timestamp": "1589376400000", "message": "She had warned the man and he had disregarded her. Served him right, she thought but wisely clamped her teeth on her tongue to keep from biting out the \"I told you so,\" that was so firmly lodged in the back of her throat. She felt dizzy as the heat hit her with full force. Goddess, but it was so hot. Fear finally took hold of her when she took in the sight of the room they were now in. Why did they take her? What did they want with her? She had done nothing wrong, nothing to deserve this.Before she knew what was happening, she went completely limp over the man's shoulder. She had fainted.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "She had warned the man and he had disregarded her. Served him right, she thought but wisely clamped her teeth on her tongue to keep from biting out the \"I told you so,\" that was so firmly lodged in the back of her throat. She felt dizzy as the heat hit her with full force. Goddess, but it was so hot. Fear finally took hold of her when she took in the sight of the room they were now in. Why did they take her? What did they want with her? She had done nothing wrong, nothing to deserve this."}, "post-96501": {"user": "Momo the Storyteller", "user_num": 3675, "timestamp": "1589815896000", "message": "The dead weight on the man's shoulder became infuriating but he took the steps one at a time with the woman still slung over said shoulder. When he reached the top he flopped her unceremoniously on the slab. While she was presumably unconscious he made quick work to slap the pair of heavy, chained wrist shackles from the head of the slab into a single one around her neck while leaving her wrists and ankles tied.Then he wanted her awake. To accomplish this? He gave her a hard slap to the side of her face - venting some aggression in the strike to maybe bruise around her eye over time. The action, however, was met quickly afterwards as the second man in his company leapt up the stairs three at a time before the first considered a second blow - latching a hand to his wrist and yanking him around to initiate a feud between them. He was clearly displeased with harming her, mentioning that someone \"did not want a single mark on the sacrifice\".After the short, heated discussion between them they both descended the steps and left her lying alone on the stone to sweat and rattle around in her own mind. Meanwhile, several men in red and steel were beginning to trickle into the sweltering chamber and line up with faces to the altar and kneeling on one knee with their masked eyes to the floor.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "The dead weight on the man's shoulder became infuriating but he took the steps one at a time with the woman still slung over said shoulder. When he reached the top he flopped her unceremoniously on the slab. While she was presumably unconscious he made quick work to slap the pair of heavy, chained wrist shackles from the head of the slab into a single one around her neck while leaving her wrists and ankles tied."}, "post-96528": {"user": "Viessa Beiris", "user_num": 3699, "timestamp": "1590196030000", "message": "The blow to her face caused her to jerk awake. She gasped at the heat enveloping her and started to feel fear for the first time since they kidnapped her. She yelled, \"Please don't do this!\" She started to struggle against her bindings only to find them snug and unyielding, biting into her skin with relish it seemed. She sobbed a little as she could feel her skin stinging where the slap hit her and the promise of bruising to come. What was she to do?", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "The blow to her face caused her to jerk awake. She gasped at the heat enveloping her and started to feel fear for the first time since they kidnapped her. She yelled, \"Please don't do this!\" She started to struggle against her bindings only to find them snug and unyielding, biting into her skin with relish it seemed. She sobbed a little as she could feel her skin stinging where the slap hit her and the promise of bruising to come. What was she to do?"}, "post-96555": {"user": "Momo the Storyteller", "user_num": 3675, "timestamp": "1591717583000", "message": "The two atop the steps turned to descend, the second one that spared her another hit lingering his masked gaze on her for a second longer before he left. The place was quiet save for her own struggles that dragged the heavy manacles on the stone and her body softly thudding on the altar.There was bubbling in a central point of the fiery pool, and the bubbles began to appear more and more frequently and pop with hiss and steam in bigger sizes. Then the almost liquid substance rippled and parted as something rose - a massive stone-encrusted serpent that began with the figure of a woman bearing rocky plating with a molten core beneath them in every aspect.She rose and hovered high despite the height of the altar to stare down with anticipation at the poor woman bound to the stone, and lowered herself near the rock - bringing a steel trident as black at her body up to rest the end of the weapon upon the platform as she looked over Viessa.", "link_list": [], "image_list": ["https://i.pinimg.com/564x/3d/08/df/3d08dff315dd08505940c6d5350955f8.jpg"], "html": "The two atop the steps turned to descend, the second one that spared her another hit lingering his masked gaze on her for a second longer before he left. The place was quiet save for her own struggles that dragged the heavy manacles on the stone and her body softly thudding on the altar."}, "post-96575": {"user": "Viessa Beiris", "user_num": 3699, "timestamp": "1592227758000", "message": "Viessa struggled hard against her bonds, her eyes wide as she stared up at the beast that rose above her. \"Please! I don't want to die! I have too much to live for!\" not true but she wasn't ready to meet her maker just yet and her prospects for not doing so were slim to none, it seemed. Between the heat and the way the beast stared at her, she felt like she was going to vomit again and there was nothing she could do to change her situation.Tears formed at the corners of her eyes and she began to weep.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Viessa struggled hard against her bonds, her eyes wide as she stared up at the beast that rose above her. \"Please! I don't want to die! I have too much to live for!\" not true but she wasn't ready to meet her maker just yet and her prospects for not doing so were slim to none, it seemed. Between the heat and the way the beast stared at her, she felt like she was going to vomit again and there was nothing she could do to change her situation."}, "post-96786": {"user": "Momo the Storyteller", "user_num": 3675, "timestamp": "1599388057000", "message": "The molten creature narrowed the glowing eyes upon the panicking woman upon the altar, though it was impossible to see whether it was a glare or a gentle look - the face seemed carved from stone and features that would give expressions seemed unmoving. It leaned forward to hover just above Viessa, and carefully extended its free hand with pointed fingers to tentatively stroke through the dark strands of the woman's hair - bringing an almost uncomfortable warmth from bringing so close to her skin.But then the beast made a subtle tug with a handful of the hair, exposing the woman's ear. Something clearly upset the fiery creature and the stiff brows upon her smooth face shifted to sharp arches. It let the locks slide between the fingers and completely removed itself from interest of Viessa. Then, in a sudden motion, it made a quick, slithering circle around the base and rose up high again - now with the eyes staring wide over the bowed heads of the men on the floor far below.\"YOU!\" The voice boomed with the tenor of a woman, but strong and bold as if shouted in an empty theater to reverb back threefold. \"You moronic, weak, miserable pond scum!\" With this sentence the cloaked, masked servants lowered their heads closer to the stone floor and groveled lower - trying to carefully shuffle back away from her between the moments of silence. \"I gave you one task when I took you into my midst and gave you my strength! ONE! I THOUGHT that perhaps your miserable existence might be competent enough to complete that task without fail, and yet here you have brought me more of your pathetic kind in place of the Elves I demanded!\"There was a sudden crack and crunch of stone as the massive, serpentine body coiled tightly with a twist of the beast's pronounced hips, and the single supporting leg of the stone altar crumbled to near dust in its grip - sending the slab crashing down off the rounded body and then making a very rough and uneven slide down the stone steps with Viessa's helpless form still bound to it by that heavy chain. When it finally crashed to the ground floor it would crack into several large fragments, the manacle still chained to one.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "The molten creature narrowed the glowing eyes upon the panicking woman upon the altar, though it was impossible to see whether it was a glare or a gentle look - the face seemed carved from stone and features that would give expressions seemed unmoving. It leaned forward to hover just above Viessa, and carefully extended its free hand with pointed fingers to tentatively stroke through the dark strands of the woman's hair - bringing an almost uncomfortable warmth from bringing so close to her skin."}, "post-96815": {"user": "Viessa Beiris", "user_num": 3699, "timestamp": "1605898755000", "message": "She flinched as the creature closed in on her. She shrank against the stone beneath her, whimpering as the touch of heat found her ear. The next thing she knew, the alter buckled and broke into pieces and the female was turning her molten anger upon the men who had kidnapped her. She curled up and put her arms over her head to try and ward off any harm that might befall her. Viessa held her breath as she cowered, almost pissing herself with the amount of fear she was feeling in that moment.But she wasn't dead yet.She was very much alive, unlike the alter that now lay in shambles.The manacles chafed at her delicate wrists.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "She flinched as the creature closed in on her. She shrank against the stone beneath her, whimpering as the touch of heat found her ear. The next thing she knew, the alter buckled and broke into pieces and the female was turning her molten anger upon the men who had kidnapped her. She curled up and put her arms over her head to try and ward off any harm that might befall her. Viessa held her breath as she cowered, almost pissing herself with the amount of fear she was feeling in that moment."}}