{"post-34873": {"user": "The Inferno Assembly", "user_num": 1440, "timestamp": "1461607261000", "message": "The 'Inferno Assembly' exists as an independent organisation, an entrepreneurship that exists solely to reap profits and gain political sway, in whatever means possible, nefarious or otherwise. This group has three levels to it. The first is its shop empire. These shops are seemingly innocent, their employees have no knowledge of the second side of the organisation, nor of their employers. This side is named the 'ember' regimen.The 'ember' level is very much simple to recognise - shops owned by the assembly will have the insignia of the inferno assembly - a red rose. All shops carry a mandatory dress code,  for the employees, deep reds are a necessity, caps carrying the insignia are to be worn at all times. Both genders must wear a white shirt, contrasted by a red tied cloths, while they must wear pure black pants. A red apron is worn whenever it is necessary. Managers have lee-way in the dress codes, but the end result must be red in most aspects.The second level is the true side to the organisation. This is where all the primary work goes on, where the group actually acts. This is where they station their alchemists, their  mages, their assassins and their golems. This side dictates what happens - who get's hired, where they invest in, which targets need to be dispatched - all of it. This level is known as the 'flame'.Finally, the third level is the most elite of the organisation. Whoever works here is at the tip of the iceberg - they have utmost power over every single lesser employee inside of the corporation. This is where the necromancers and the private guard live. They dictate what large actions must be done, as well as reviewing the actions of the 'flame' regimen. This level is know as the 'inferno' council.As of now, the inferno council is commanded by Attla, the Conniving. No other members are found within this council.The Assembly exists in a hierarchy. At the bottom rung of the ladder exists the 'ember' workers. The employees being the very lowest, while the managers being just higher than them. Then it moves unto the 'flame' workers. Golems exist at the very bottom, then it moves onto private soldiers and then contractors - such as assassins or knights or other professions with specialised skill-sets. Above these exists the alchemists, the mages and the summoners, who conduct most experiments and make low-level decisions. At the very top is the 'inferno' council.The location of the second and third levels of the organisation are kept immediately secret. This means gaining entry to these levels of the organisation is very tricky - or downright impossible. Unless you have been directly hired as a contractor, or have risen into the ranks via becoming an ember. This is a slow and often painful process, so entrance to the organisation from being a contractor is the preferred and most efficient route. To gain contracts, you can advertise your name on the Inferno board, or accept a contract from within the board. Contracts can allow for permenant occupation within the Inferno Assembly and this typically happens.The only way to enter these areas of the organisation are through rune-reinforced entrances, placed in an area near the centre of Isra. To deactivate these runes requires presentation of a badge, with depictions of the rose found in the insignia. The runes have no real way of discerning if somebody who owns the badge is a member of the inferno assembly at all, so sneaking in through acquiring these badges from stealing or kidnapping can allow for an simpler access to the organisation.If you wish to join this group, you can contact Attla, the Conniving via pm beforehand, or contact via the IC Inferno board (not up yet).", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "The 'Inferno Assembly' exists as an independent organisation, an entrepreneurship that exists solely to reap profits and gain political sway, in whatever means possible, nefarious or otherwise. This group has three levels to it. The first is its shop empire. These shops are seemingly innocent, their employees have no knowledge of the second side of the organisation, nor of their employers. This side is named the 'ember' regimen."}, "post-35528": {"user": "The Inferno Assembly", "user_num": 1440, "timestamp": "1461938518000", "message": "The inside of the Inferno Assembly is a series of interconnected rooms, all situated underground. There is two floors of the building, the Red Allure, the largest, most uppermost floor and the Crimson Chapels, the lowermost floor. Most employees reside in the Red Allure, as it holds the majority of the lodgings.The Red Allure is primarily composed of rich mahogany, enchanted specifically to allow for the structure to be able to support itself. These enchantments require constant renewal by the mages of the Inferno Assembly, else-wise collapsing will occur under 3 weeks. The Red Allure is roughly about 60 feet underground, causing it to naturally be cool. The floor plan is simple. A single large room, housing the majority of equipment is held in the centre of the Red Allure. This large room is directly connected to the entrance of the Inferno Assembly, to allow for fast armament of soldiers or agents for missions or for defence. A large gate holds the corridor, a large iron door utilised to fend off invaders. The large room is square in nature, with tapered corners leading off into 4 separate corridors and a single, corridor in the centre of the room. The four corridors lead to two essential work areas, with the third room leading to the sleeping quarters. The first work area is the study, used for numerous experiments and magic research, as well as for future planning. The second work area is the a flat room, reaching out for a good 75 feet in each direction. This room is a general purpose space, utilised to carry out far more dangerous experiments, without leaving the safety of the underground bunker. This room is also used for various training drills as well, for the pyromancers and the small private army employed within the Inferno Assembly. Construction of golems for use for excavation, or heavy lifting also is done here.The fourth room carries a split purpose. One half serves as a bar, with various alcohols sold for high prices, due to the trouble acquiring the items. This area houses many different strange delicacies as well, curtesy of the experienced, employed chefs. Tobacco is also shipped within this bar, encountering heavy use within its inhabitants, filling the room with a smoky aroma, stifling to the nose. The high price tag on all of the food and alcohol encountered in this establishment seeks to circulate the paid wages back into the Inferno Assembly, allowing for greater monetary gain.The second half of the store exists the storage. Illegal goods are found aplenty within this area, bought cheaply and smuggled into the Inferno Assembly. The illegal goods find themselves sold for high prices within Isra, securing deals in the The Moonlight Eclipse.The Crimson Chapels are made up of four sectors, connected to a central area through large, straight corridors, creating a cross shape. Each area is circular, reaching up a fair distance, reaching a cone-like ceiling, depressed into the above rock. The four sectors are of largely unknown purposes, never used by Attla or his subjects. The central area carries a single, red throne, made of painted iron, circled by four, rough-stone thrones pointing into the centre-most throne. Each throne has grandeur designs, depicting dragons, fire, death, blood and ash, with fire being the most prominent idea.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "The inside of the Inferno Assembly is a series of interconnected rooms, all situated underground. There is two floors of the building, the Red Allure, the largest, most uppermost floor and the Crimson Chapels, the lowermost floor. Most employees reside in the Red Allure, as it holds the majority of the lodgings."}, "post-35529": {"user": "The Inferno Assembly", "user_num": 1440, "timestamp": "1461938552000", "message": "MEMBER LISTAttla, The ConnivingUNITS5NPCS - PyromancersPyromancers are the backbone of the Inferno Assembly. Useful for the reliable and cheap firepower, large swathes of Pyromancers can raze a battlefield within seconds. Pyromancers are usually lightly armoured, but supported by other troops to counter their fragility in close range.7NPCS - Mounted PyromancersPyromancers are not that mobile, typically being stumped easily by cavalry. Mounted Pyromancers counter this through using small wyverns, an effort to give increased mobility, as well as allowing for general immunity to melee-based units. This is a small regiment of the army, as acquirement of drakes is a typically slow and arduous process. The drakes also can utilise their breath attack in a battle situation, making them a very useful support unit.3NPCS - GolemThe normal golem is a key part of the Inferno Assembly's army. This normal foot troop composes the majority of the army, holding the line for Pyromancers as they rain fire upon their opponents. These golems do not carry sentient thought and are incapable of emotion, or feeling. Morale is not a concern, which makes them very effective meat-shields.20NPCS - TYPE 3-C Compressed Golem The compressed golem is the result of a series of experiments in order to increase the physical capabilities of normal golems. What resulted, was golem of much smaller size, typically about the height of a normal human male. What is special about a compressed golem, is the regenerative capabilities, mixed with increased strength and speed; easily surpassing the abilities of a normal human. These factors create an extremely deadly opponent. CURRENT ARMY100 troop maximum10x PYROMANCERS = 50 NPCS10x GOLEMS = 30 NPCS1x COMPRESSED GOLEM = 20 NPCSTOTAL = 100NPCS", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "MEMBER LIST"}}