{"post-91299": {"user": "King Ottokar II", "user_num": 3437, "timestamp": "1560645719000", "message": "The Egyszers are a people that joined the Empire but a few centuries ago, previously raiding nomads that adapted to sedentary life. They have a unique identity ethno cultural identity from the rest of the Vessian folk, their language and customs being a string point of pride. This has however lead to much resentment of Egyszers towards the Empire as outside of their Kingdom there is no protection or status for their language and culture. The Kingdom doesn't have many commodities like gold, furs or spices and as such people don't live particularly rich. But soil is fertile, trees as plentiful, many horses roam the land and the mountains are all but made of iron, all of this insuring that at least a comfortable living can be insured for the people. The Kingdom is mostly rural, with only its capital of Logosu being the only true city. However villages will have its own smiths, tinkerers, teachers, alchemists, seminaries and residents as part of a recent effort to reduce intellectual dependence on the gradually resented Empire. Though Egyszers often resent the Vessian crown, they are ironically its best and most common henchmen as rural Egyszer lads constitute much of the muscle for Inquisitors, Reichskomissioners, and Witch Hunters. This is for the simple reason that they usually still have the savagery of their horseman ancestors and do not speak Vessisch to understand the pleas of their victims. ", "link_list": [], "image_list": ["https://i.imgur.com/Rj1A3CO.jpg"], "html": "The Egyszers are a people that joined the Empire but a few centuries ago, previously raiding nomads that adapted to sedentary life. They have a unique identity ethno cultural identity from the rest of the Vessian folk, their language and customs being a string point of pride. This has however lead to much resentment of Egyszers towards the Empire as outside of their Kingdom there is no protection or status for their language and culture. "}}