{"post-30380": {"user": "Lamina Manira", "user_num": 157, "timestamp": "1459097704000", "message": "Little more than a brunette girl of fourteen awaited Rowtag, youthful features almost slack with faux repose, soft lips bent with a halcyon smile held firm and unwavering as yet another fighter came before her. They sought the same test of instinct, wit, and meddle she'd administered to hundreds before him--and few locations could serve this purpose better than her\u00a0arena.Hers... and not much of a possession, really; bench seats rotted to little more than moldering scraps of sponge wood, dilapidated stone walls crumbling in numerous places, red dirt floor trampled hard by the warriors of an age long past... Lamina herself sat on an old throne of broken granite, her emerald gaze sizing him up as an opponent as soon as he set foot in her ring.A thin black battledress of\u00a0ichcahuipilli\u00a0armor of quilted cotton adorned her petite form to the knees, from which black leggings provided a modest cover down to her brown boots guarded externally at the toes by shiny steel plates. Wrapped around her left elbow was a long red ribbon, matching the feather protruding from the knot of a sidelong ponytail listing leftward off her head. Metal bangles were worn around her wrists, three upon each and all different colors. Her arms were otherwise bare, a single permanent mistake manifested in a cut-shaped scar on her slender left shoulder.From atop her high and mighty throne, her gaze might be level with a grown man's, though for all intends and purposes she was gazing down at him, tilting her head slightly aside in a mock curiosity before her act culminated with a rhetorical greeting. Truly, all she really owned was her hard-earned skillset and a pride long lost... but a girl can pretend, right?\"Ah,\"\u00a0she said in as stately a manner as she could impersonate, as if a lordly noble beckoning one into their mansion.\u00a0\"Welcome. And what brings you here before me, this fine afternoon?\"Yet despite Lamina's pretend act of confidence, as much for her own self as for her opponent, tiny hints of sorrow sullied her focused gaze... a sort of distant sadness, as though she were not entirely convinced of the role she tried to play as his 'host' to her ring, but had to try feeling excited nonetheless.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Little more than a brunette girl of fourteen awaited Rowtag, youthful features almost slack with faux repose, soft lips bent with a halcyon smile held firm and unwavering as yet another fighter came before her. They sought the same test of instinct, wit, and meddle she'd administered to hundreds before him--and few locations could serve this purpose better than "}, "post-30516": {"user": "Rowtag \"Rashidi\" Fletcher", "user_num": 835, "timestamp": "1459147571000", "message": "At least the young woman had a sense of style. Rowtag's armor was rather dull.\"Rest.\"By comparison, the young man was relatively tall. About 6'6\", he was not lightly build, but muscular and sinewy. Of course none of this would be apparent through the rounded plate armor he was wearing. There was a distinct lack of luster to these plates. They were made of a light metal enchanted against magic, not that this mattered here. Even his face was concealed in an odd variation of a great helm. All the pieces were smooth and curved, making it difficult for bladed weapons to find purchase. They also helped distribute the impact of brute force and allowed spells to slide off more easily.There was no skin visible on him at all.As the man approached, Lamina would notice that his gait lacked the confidence that his equipment would suggest became him. It appeared someone disjointed and oddly random. His individual steps lacked the passion of a warrior. It was as though he was truly walking with minimal effort.\"I'm tired of this life.\" His voice was obstructed by the helmet, but it sounded deep, slightly ethnic, and had a certain gravitas to it.Lamina would see he had three types of weapons on him: a 42 inch long rapier, a dagger holstered to his side, and a whip strapped to his back with a simple leather belt. Being closer to her now, the somewhat vulnerable reinforced linens which underlined his odd plates would also become visible.\"So do me a favor, and help make my last moments on this earth at least someone challenging and amusing.\"Rowtag listlessly pulled out his rapier from his sheath with his left hand, and pulled out his dagger with his right. He slowly slid his left foot forward and bent his knees slightly. He rocked back and forth with his knees and hips.\"If I'm going to die, it may as well be to the best...\" With his rapier held up towards the girls face, he beckoned her forward with the tip.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "At least the young woman had a sense of style. Rowtag's armor was rather dull."}, "post-30558": {"user": "Lamina Manira", "user_num": 157, "timestamp": "1459189065000", "message": "\"Die..?\"She hopped off her throne, the balls of her small boots kicking dusts as she has to fall to the ground, the stone stepway to the seat long since crumbled away. Her now sorrowful gaze met the two holes in his armor from which he could see, and for a moment there it appeared as though she sympathized on level deeper than to be expected from her youth.She did, however, find the matchup quite bizarre. Over six foot tall and bedecked in armor from head to toe, the man who had come to die at her hands had left her no opening, and seemed prepared to play against Lamina's greatest weaknesses--her patience and physical strength--to the point where something didn't seem to add up.\"Encased in that armor, that's asking a lot of me.\"She began walking towards him, slowly and stoically, bending down mid-stride to take grasp of a pair of tarnished but serviceable steel hookswords that lay crossed in the sand, proportionately sized to her stature with red tassles still tied to the hilts of each blade. Other weapons were\u00a0scattered and strewn about the arena, though given the sheer\u00a0odds that were stacked against her, she had absolutely no intention of playing fanciful or fair, deciding even to forgo her favorite class of weaponry.\"I... kind of stopped killing awhile ago.\"", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "<em>\"Die..?\"</em>"}, "post-30828": {"user": "Rowtag \"Rashidi\" Fletcher", "user_num": 835, "timestamp": "1459296883000", "message": "The strange warrior enters a repose, returning his legs together and lowering his weapons. Without letting go of his weapons, he grasps his helmet with his knuckles and pops it off. He reveals himself to be a relatively young man with chocolate dark skin. He had the distinction of having short, clean white hair.At first he wore an apathetic look. But as he tossed his helmet to the side, he smirked.Without even saying anything, he switches his weapons in his hands. This time he enters his stance reversed, his dagger in his left and his rapier in his right, his right foot forward and his knees bent.Once again, he waved the tip of his rapier up and down, beckoning her to attack.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "The strange warrior enters a repose, returning his legs together and lowering his weapons. Without letting go of his weapons, he grasps his helmet with his knuckles and pops it off. He reveals himself to be a relatively young man with chocolate dark skin. He had the distinction of having short, clean white hair."}, "post-31091": {"user": "Lamina Manira", "user_num": 157, "timestamp": "1459460627000", "message": "She stared for a minute, surprised but not unpleasantly so, at his willingness to show his face. She still didn't feel it was quite a fair match-up, but truthfully it never was. Being a lot smaller than most of her opponents, she was used to the inequalities, and set forth with a stoic and well-practiced stride towards her opponent that she'd begun many times before in many arenas.The rapier had the longest range of each weapon fielded so far, and presented a barrier of sorts between Lamina and her opponent. As such, she sought to batter it aside. A lackadaisical swing of her left handed blade went to tap the hook end of her sword with the rapier's point and strike or guide it gently aside her left flank, trying to utilize leverage on the length of the sword to bend it rightward in Rowtag's grip.She stepped inward, her final stride in her assault, landing her right side to the fore and the corresponding hooksword poised horizontally before her naval.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "She stared for a minute, surprised but not unpleasantly so, at his willingness to show his face. She still didn't feel it was quite a fair match-up, but truthfully it never was. Being a lot smaller than most of her opponents, she was used to the inequalities, and set forth with a stoic and well-practiced stride towards her opponent that she'd begun many times before in many arenas."}, "post-31189": {"user": "Rowtag \"Rashidi\" Fletcher", "user_num": 835, "timestamp": "1459496748000", "message": "Lamina's lack of enthusiasm might cost her. The long reach of the rapier meant that all Rowtag needed to do to maintain control of his weapon was flick his wrist quickly down and up, resulting in the tip of the weapon 'ducking' under her spiritless strike in an instant. At the same time Rowtag's whole body jutted forward slightly, lending some power transfer to what was coming next. Just as the tip of the rapier was rising back up, Rowtag outstretched his arm. His right foot slid forward slightly and a lightning quick jab was directed straight towards Lamina's face. The attack would come in the interval between her left sword swinging outward, and the split second it would take for her wrist to pull against the momentum of the sword and bring it back into guard position. The fact that she was moving forward would make his counter attack that much more difficult to dodge.Speaking of which, as he inched forward, he also brought his left arm forward to bring his dagger closer to his torso. This was meant to help guard against Lamina's obvious attempt to get inside his reach, which would give the smaller warrior the advantage. The dagger stands in between Rowtag's midsection and Lamina's second hook sword.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Lamina's lack of enthusiasm might cost her. The long reach of the rapier meant that all Rowtag needed to do to maintain control of his weapon was flick his wrist quickly down and up, resulting in the tip of the weapon 'ducking' under her spiritless strike in an instant. At the same time Rowtag's whole body jutted forward slightly, lending some power transfer to what was coming next. Just as the tip of the rapier was rising back up, Rowtag outstretched his arm. His right foot slid forward slightly and a lightning quick jab was directed straight towards Lamina's face. The attack would come in the interval between her left sword swinging outward, and the split second it would take for her wrist to pull against the momentum of the sword and bring it back into guard position. The fact that she was moving forward would make his counter attack that much more difficult to dodge."}, "post-31396": {"user": "Lamina Manira", "user_num": 157, "timestamp": "1459661803000", "message": "It was as she predicted--the slightest motion, a flick of the wrist, and the rapier sprung into action. Lamina had provoked a response that created an inertia she could work with, and that seemed to herald the true start of the fight.Lamina burst into action. She step-leaned diagonally to the left in her advance, tilting her upper body away from the rapier's thrust and slamming her right hooksword's spine against its steel, striking at the opponent's blade and sliding inward on her approach. A final step, leading with the left foot, would bring her in range to his right flank provided he does not back away. She would twist at the hips to face him as her left blade lashed back downwards with relative ease, complements to the intentionally hesitant reservations of its first motion and the torque of her pivoting body, sweeping before her lower body for the opponent's right leg with force enough to disrupt his footing.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "It was as she predicted--the slightest motion, a flick of the wrist, and the rapier sprung into action. Lamina had provoked a response that created an inertia she could work with, and that seemed to herald the true start of the fight."}, "post-31454": {"user": "Rowtag \"Rashidi\" Fletcher", "user_num": 835, "timestamp": "1459706244000", "message": "It was a difficult spot indeed! In a sense, Rowtag was caught in between a rock and a hard place. If he leaned forward, he'd risk leaning straight into a decapitation from her right sword. If he leaned back, surely her left hook sword would throw him on his back by his right leg.Luckily, in that briefest of moments, Rowtag still had a good footing. He hadn't quite overcommited into his strike, and he still had his dagger. Rowtag chose to lean in, his right foot pivoting out and his knee bending a tad, just enough to ensure that her initial strike would do little against his superior weight and armor. The real danger would of course come when her hook found purchase in his knee joint or ankle with the hook. But of course, this hadn't happened yet...Rowtag's whole upper body torqued slightly to the right, partially thanks to the adjustment made to his right leg. He made a counter-intuitive motion with his right hand to actually resist his rapier being pushed against by her right sword, so that Lamina's arm would be in just the right spot for when he brought his dagger crashing down on the shorter fighter's right wrist or arm. Best case scenario: he'd take her hand or fingers clean off, or severely damage her arm. If nothing else he\u2019d prevent her right arm from initiating a slash. (Yes, he was aware of the metal bangles and would adjust his aim accordingly.)", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "It was a difficult spot indeed! In a sense, Rowtag was caught in between a rock and a hard place. If he leaned forward, he'd risk leaning straight into a decapitation from her right sword. If he leaned back, surely her left hook sword would throw him on his back by his right leg."}, "post-31899": {"user": "Lamina Manira", "user_num": 157, "timestamp": "1459984232000", "message": "The young girl had twisted clockwise to put force into her swipe at Rowtag's right leg, continuing to feed a chain of events in which she seemed to be engineering her opponent's defeat... she had stricken his rapier with her weapon's spine, and had in a sense presented her upper wrist as a target, though only to bait his steel in waiting--when it went at her she twisted her sword with her arm, flipping her blade to the inside of its hook and exposing its defensive crescent guard. While carefully maintaining contact with the edge of the rapier, she retracted the extension of her her right sword, pulling with the torque of her body's pivot.A pivot, which had propelled the sharpened inner edge of Lamina's left hooked blade hard against his armor, scraping harmlessly against the brace her opponent had formed with his own body weight. As her right sword twisted to catch the incoming dagger with the crescent edge of its hand guard, the hook of her left sword would poke around the back of her opponent's braced right knee. While a weaker point in many suits of armor, she knew her opponent was covered in steel. With much force required, she shoved back off of both legs, now facing her opponent, furthering an objective of both catching his dagger and holding off his rapier with one blade, and yanking the hook straight into his leg with the other.\"NNGH!\"Whether her hook would find blood or not, she'd position herself a few paces back, temporarily disengaging unless otherwise thwarted.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "The young girl had twisted clockwise to put force into her swipe at Rowtag's right leg, continuing to feed a chain of events in which she seemed to be engineering her opponent's defeat... she had stricken his rapier with her weapon's spine, and had in a sense presented her upper wrist as a target, though only to bait his steel in waiting--when it went at her she twisted her sword with her arm, flipping her blade to the inside of its hook and exposing its defensive crescent guard. While carefully maintaining contact with the edge of the rapier, she retracted the extension of her her right sword, pulling with the torque of her body's pivot."}, "post-31935": {"user": "Rowtag \"Rashidi\" Fletcher", "user_num": 835, "timestamp": "1459994598000", "message": "The disengagement was a nice change of pace.Rowtag too made a standard retreat, using the tension he had built up in his right leg to hop back. He immediately stabilized his back leg so that he could, with all his might, kick out with his right leg and stiffen his foot up to help take away her hook sword's purchase on his ankle while he retreated. This would help thwart her hook's attempt at his knee and allow him to retreat, while the hook sword would bounce off harmlessly off the steel. Any instability in his balance would be quickly compensated for as both warriors put distance between each other.His dagger would have no trouble freeing itself from the hook given its relative small size. A quick downward tug as the sword was pulled back and it was free.Anxious to get back into the fray (as well as repay his opponent for her impressive use of strategy) he returned to a standard guard, with his left foot back, and... reversed his grip on his dagger so that the blade pointed downward in his fist- THEN made a fairly standard lunge towards the girl's face.She might also notice that his back leg wasn't fully extended like a normal lunge.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "The disengagement was a nice change of pace."}, "post-31940": {"user": "Lamina Manira", "user_num": 157, "timestamp": "1459998292000", "message": "A change in pace indeed... and nice, perhaps, only for Lamina, who's steel hook had gone not for the opponent's ankle but the back of the knee. As Rowtag adjusted his weight, shifting it to his left leg and raising his right, Lamina was tugging the hook into the back of his retracting joint. Hook-and-pull, it was always hook-and-pull... a slight upwards deviation of her left arm sought to adjust the hook's relentless yank to ensure that its sharply pointed, carbonized steel tip found its mark. The girl had put no reservation in her pull, clenching her teeth and throwing the entirety of her body weight into it--by forcing a puncture, she sought not only to completely incapacitate her opponent but also to control the limb, to tug him forcefully upon his back by applying upwards force to the hook that at this point may have been digging straight into the flesh of his leg. It was unlikely he retained his balance at this point, though should her hook find itself embedded in the back of his knee, any plans for a full disengagement, or a subsequent counter-attack, would be brought to a standstill.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "A change in pace indeed... and nice, perhaps, only for Lamina, who's steel hook had gone not for the opponent's ankle but the back of the knee. As Rowtag adjusted his weight, shifting it to his left leg and raising his right, Lamina was tugging the hook into the back of his retracting joint. Hook-and-pull, it was always hook-and-pull... a slight upwards deviation of her left arm sought to adjust the hook's relentless yank to ensure that its sharply pointed, carbonized steel tip found its mark. The girl had put no reservation in her pull, clenching her teeth and throwing the entirety of her body weight into it--by forcing a puncture, she sought not only to completely incapacitate her opponent but also to control the limb, to tug him forcefully upon his back by applying upwards force to the hook that at this point may have been digging straight into the flesh of his leg. It was unlikely he retained his balance at this point, though should her hook find itself embedded in the back of his knee, any plans for a full disengagement, or a subsequent counter-attack, would be brought to a standstill."}, "post-31945": {"user": "Rowtag \"Rashidi\" Fletcher", "user_num": 835, "timestamp": "1460001369000", "message": "With no realistic escape from the hook in sight, all Rowtag could think to do was instinctively go ahead and throw his leg upward with even more force, practically a kick, allowing the hook to perhaps tear in to his gastrocnemius muscle from above. This was still better than slicing a tendon, although it would be a hell of a flesh wound. But his \"kick\" would be aimed at an angle. His entire body would torque in the opposite direction. His foot would strike upwards, metal clashing against the shaft of Lamina's sword in an attempt to disarm her despite the weapon tearing into his leg. His adrenaline rush would prevent him from feeling much pain. The realization of knowing he was about to suffer a serious wound would only insight his anger.As his body twisted to the left, he would slam the sharp edge of his rapier against her right arm, taking advantage of her torque in the opposite direction, in between her bangles if necessary, and try to slice off a chunk of her forearm like a salami using the sharp edge of her rapier, proving it wasn't entirely useless at close range.If her arm was swinging with her body, he would slide his forearm up against her wrist, push her hand up with his inner elbow, and simultaneously lock her arm in place with his wrist, flexing his arm with all the berserk strength he could muster. The improvised arm bar would allow him to slice her wrist at his (half a second) of leisure. It was even possible that his dagger would slice into the base of her forearm close to her inner elbow at the last twist of his wrist. (In any case he'd be withdrawing his arm for a counterattack or a possible maneuver against her right arm, and his dagger would be precariously close to her.)", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "With no realistic escape from the hook in sight, all Rowtag could think to do was instinctively go ahead and throw his leg upward with even more force, practically a kick, allowing the hook to perhaps tear in to his gastrocnemius muscle from above. This was still better than slicing a tendon, although it would be a hell of a flesh wound. But his \"kick\" would be aimed at an angle. His entire body would torque in the opposite direction. His foot would strike upwards, metal clashing against the shaft of Lamina's sword in an attempt to disarm her despite the weapon tearing into his leg. His adrenaline rush would prevent him from feeling much pain. The realization of knowing he was about to suffer a serious wound would only insight his anger."}, "post-31961": {"user": "Lamina Manira", "user_num": 157, "timestamp": "1460008535000", "message": "Rowtag exacerbated the motion of his leg into a kick, but this would only serve to further his dilemma. Punctured through the armor at the back of the knee, Lamina's left hook was firmly embedded through the soft flesh within an encasement of armor that only locked the hook into position inside his joint and prevented any free play beyond the painful confirmation of inches of steel where blood and bone should be. The kick would strike beneath her sword, meeting a well forged crescent guard at her hilt and a tightened grip to withstand the pressure.As Rowtag raised his leg further, slightly torquing into the motion as both rapier and dagger went for her right arm, Lamina shoved off her right leg, continuing the inertia of her previous tug-and-retreat motion, propelling her body backwards into what was practically a leap that pulled the entirety of her body weight away from him, the full force driven into the spike that had been impaled in Rowtag's leg and serving to sweep him from his feet. This sudden jerk would almost assuredly tug him right off balance, seeing as how he was standing upon a single uninjured leg, and it was Lamina's full intention to take Rowtag straight to the ground. Tiny silvery notes could be heard ringing out with each motion of her lithe arms, colored bangles dancing up and down along her forearms with her scintillating rhythm.His leftward twist and her backward retreat would work in opposing synergy to put the dagger out of range, and the commitment of his rapier would meet her free right sword, brought before her petite body to deflect its swipe with a whimsical clang, just before she expected her opponent to end up on the dirt before her, left sword still extended downwards and bloodily impaled in one of his limbs.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Rowtag exacerbated the motion of his leg into a kick, but this would only serve to further his dilemma. Punctured through the armor at the back of the knee, Lamina's left hook was firmly embedded through the soft flesh within an encasement of armor that only locked the hook into position inside his joint and prevented any free play beyond the painful confirmation of inches of steel where blood and bone should be. The kick would strike beneath her sword, meeting a well forged crescent guard at her hilt and a tightened grip to withstand the pressure."}, "post-31966": {"user": "Rowtag \"Rashidi\" Fletcher", "user_num": 835, "timestamp": "1460015209000", "message": "His left torque had an odd side-effect. As he fell back, he wouldn't quite fall flat on his back but rather his side. He could easily flip his injured leg side ways and, with a quick smooth motion, slip his rapier into the strap connecting his cuisse to his greave and slice through. Then he would pull forward, allowing the hook sword to slice through his flesh, hook onto the cuisse, and pop it off, freeing his leg. Any attempts to interfere with this quick motion from her right hook sword would be intercepted by his left dagger.He would then quickly withdraw his leg and kick sideways, perhaps to strike her right ankle bone with his steely sabaton...", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "His left torque had an odd side-effect. As he fell back, he wouldn't quite fall flat on his back but rather his side. He could easily flip his injured leg side ways and, with a quick smooth motion, slip his rapier into the strap connecting his cuisse to his greave and slice through. Then he would pull forward, allowing the hook sword to slice through his flesh, hook onto the cuisse, and pop it off, freeing his leg. Any attempts to interfere with this quick motion from her right hook sword would be intercepted by his left dagger."}, "post-31977": {"user": "Lamina Manira", "user_num": 157, "timestamp": "1460046129000", "message": "Yet Lamina wouldn't let him have it so easy. One hooked, she maintained its place in his leg. Any attempt to move his limb in a direction that would pull it from the hook's gnarly angle would be met with a tug, which would only serve to further embed the hook through the knee and into the sinewy muscle of of his upper calf. Blood at this point would be spewing everywhere, and if pain wasn't enough to quiet his adrenalized mind, she hoped that torn muscle would be. Getting up again at all would become quite the challenge, and the girl didn't want to further the damage she had caused. Sooner or later, the endorphins will come to pass, and Rowtag would have the door opened to a supremely painful and miserable existence until healed. She did not counter-attack, only keeping her right blade at the ready in the case he should swing, but otherwise standing as far back as she could from his fallen body whilst maintaining the bloody ensnarement of his leg, though only to seal upon him the reality that continuing to resist was dangerous and futile.\"Just give up.\"The young girl stood over him coldly, her emerald eyes narrowed in a pitying, downwards gaze apathetic to his pride's quandary.\"You can't continue.\"", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Yet Lamina wouldn't let him have it so easy. One hooked, she maintained its place in his leg. Any attempt to move his limb in a direction that would pull it from the hook's gnarly angle would be met with a tug, which would only serve to further embed the hook through the knee and into the sinewy muscle of of his upper calf. Blood at this point would be spewing everywhere, and if pain wasn't enough to quiet his adrenalized mind, she hoped that torn muscle would be. Getting up again at all would become quite the challenge, and the girl didn't want to further the damage she had caused. Sooner or later, the endorphins will come to pass, and Rowtag would have the door opened to a supremely painful and miserable existence until healed. She did not counter-attack, only keeping her right blade at the ready in the case he should swing, but otherwise standing as far back as she could from his fallen body whilst maintaining the bloody ensnarement of his leg, though only to seal upon him the reality that continuing to resist was dangerous and futile."}, "post-31981": {"user": "Rowtag \"Rashidi\" Fletcher", "user_num": 835, "timestamp": "1460049328000", "message": "\"Hmm... heh... Hahahaha...\" Rowtag drops his weapons. \"Great, one time I find a warrior who can beat me and she won't kill me.\"Assuming he was allowed to surrender, he'd reach into a small hidden pouch in his armor and pull out some pain-killer herbs and a small med-kit. He also uses his whip (which he never got to use) as a tourniquet.\"If you're wondering why I came to die... it's a long story...\"(fade to black)MATCH OVER. LAMINA WINS.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "\"Hmm... heh... Hahahaha...\" Rowtag drops his weapons. \"Great, one time I find a warrior who can beat me and she won't kill me.\""}}