{"post-51610": {"user": "Fi Jonorin", "user_num": 1616, "timestamp": "1475172334000", "message": "The Rainbow Arena is a special arena designed with multiple settings. Upon entering the arena IC, opponents can set the arena to different terrains and effects.OOC, this is the recommended way to use the arena. One of the players makes a thread in the Rainbow Arena and uses a setting. They can choose between one of 6 settings, which are explained in further detail below. The settings are essentially fire, forest, marble, rocky, grass, and water.\u00a0There are also three different effects one can choose from. Normal, anti-magic, and magic-enhanced. Anti-magic prevents the use of magic spells, enchantments, or any other supernatural effects that require the channeling of mana. Magic-enhanced does the opposite. The characters' spells are more powerful than usual. (This is recommended for low magic characters who want to experience what it's like to be overpowered without actually remaking their characters.) Normal mode is of course neutral.The title of the thread should look something like this:John vs. Jane: Water: Magic-EnhancedAlyssa vs. Marcus: Marble: Anti-MagicDragon vs. Kitty: Rocky: NormalThere is only one major rule that MUST be obeyed. NO FIGHTS TO THE DEATH. IC, a killing blow will result in wards and enchantments preventing the death of the player (even in an anti-magic field), though it would be preferred if the participants could implement these measures on their own.Participants don't have to post at the border thread so long as they plan on doing nothing to affect the overall integrity of the setting, though they can if they still want to.Players are encouraged to decide on their own who is the winner. Scripted fights for the sake of story and drama are ok, as are training scenes. But in case of a legitimate T1 fight, please refer to a moderator or the admin to determine the winner if an agreement cannot be reached.The following is a more detailed explanation of the settings:The Water Change Arena.This arena is magically flooded in varying degrees of water throughout the arena. The water can be anywhere from a measly one foot deep to a swimmable 11 feet. There are platforms of dry land scattered throughout the area. Simulation sharks and kraken\u00a0tentacles are optional (for a small fee). Deep waters can all have dangerous currents and whirlpools added. The temperature is always mild, though plans to add an iceberg option are being explored.The Forest Change Arena.This arena is filled with large evergreen trees. Although the tree placement is left somewhat to chance, a careful ratio of maneuverable forest terrain and evergreens is maintained. This way contestants can move around, use the trees for cover, or hop from tree to tree. The spacing is generally sufficient to maintain line of sight between the contestants and the audience. There are no forest animals, but various forest plants, fertile dirt, and plenty of roots are available for use.The Grass Change ArenaEasily the most comfortable of the arenas, this arena is covered in fresh grass and kept at a stable temperature. For moral reasons there are no life forms typically found in grass (i.e. earthworm, ants, butterflies, etc.). The air smells fresh and cowpie free,\u00a0but there is a layer of fertile earth underneath the grass for use in conjunction with earth and druidic magic. Flowers are randomly selected, typically in opposition to the current season.The Fire Change ArenaThis arena's temperature is increased to 150\u00b0F with 0 humidity. \"Lava pools\" dot the landscape, and the temperature increases drastically when near them. These pools do not contain actual lava (the appearance\u00a0is simulated), but falling into them results in an automatic loss, unless the contestant is deemed able to survive in lava. There are also bonfires and other sources of fire scattered throughout the arena, as well as hot coals and boulders.The Rocky Change Arena.This arena is fairly self-explanatory. The arena is filled with rough terrain, dotted by boulders both large and small. Foot protection is optional but highly recommended.The Marble Change Arena.This arena is also somewhat self-explanatory. A relatively smooth stone surface is created for participants to fight.Once, the sacred rule is NO FIGHTS TO THE DEATH! If you want to kill each other, go somewhere else please. The reasons for this are IC. The Land-Tillers would not allow fights to the death for the sake of their entertainment, and there is a holy ground on the other side of the mountain.", "link_list": ["http://thefantasysandbox.boards.net/board/318/rainbow-arena"], "image_list": ["https://i.gyazo.com/4285b1124e6e1adbe5e4c31b859a8880.png", "https://i.gyazo.com/d9cf6927b219ff598cda1a8b63244295.png", "https://i.gyazo.com/6eb86ce85e7da1a40e5fb3a54ae15cae.png", "https://i.gyazo.com/f88243201d28df5ac2cbe26b4f82cfa1.png", "https://i.gyazo.com/51743803fe1fb02f6f8323f92d2d3495.png", "https://i.gyazo.com/9209a0debb6dbfe47ab12e0d463b538e.png"], "html": "The "}}