{"post-78936": {"user": null, "user_num": null, "timestamp": "1517107454000", "message": "The Kingdom of Vlaanze is a nation on the sea-side of the open world with a population of slightly less than 10 million if subordinate regions nearby are included. The Kingdom doesn't have much in the way of an army although a large paramilitary or \"Gendarme\" can quite well hold the line until mercenaries and the vast mercantile fleet arrive for support. The country is a Constitutional Monarchy with an economy based mostly on luxuries it sends out. However, currently the country has no King leaving a massive power vacuum that many hope to soon exploit as a very slow regency council is still barely even assembled. Culturally the people are quite distinct, dressing in clothes that have humble nature (suits, long dresses, etc.) but have luxury written all over them in the form of various pins, frills, and whatever else the mind can think of. People are very reserved and polite but always make sure to nevertheless get their opinions and thoughts through. They have many popular foods like waffles, crepes, unique beers and ales brewed in specialist Monastaries, and very tender meats like hare and squab are to be seen in contrast with more heavy plant foods like black bread and potatoes, all finally accompanied with piquant sauces. Music is also full of contrasting extremes with either bombastic choirs, organs and brass shaking the earth or little bands of happy citizens prancing with accordions, violins and more creative instruments like sets of spoons smacked against each other in quick rhythms. ", "link_list": [], "image_list": ["https://i.pinimg.com/736x/15/61/94/156194ba68927b0ac712f670703b6ec6--brugge-beautiful-sunset.jpg"], "html": "The Kingdom of Vlaanze is a nation on the sea-side of the open world with a population of slightly less than 10 million if subordinate regions nearby are included. The Kingdom doesn't have much in the way of an army although a large paramilitary or \"Gendarme\" can quite well hold the line until mercenaries and the vast mercantile fleet arrive for support. The country is a Constitutional Monarchy with an economy based mostly on luxuries it sends out. However, currently the country has no King leaving a massive power vacuum that many hope to soon exploit as a very slow regency council is still barely even assembled. "}}