{"post-80943": {"user": "The Isran Empire", "user_num": 2930, "timestamp": "1522095023000", "message": "Nestled in the in the southwest corner of the Free Plains is Lorel Fortress. This fortress provides a center of protection against invasions from both the southern mountains and southern half of the coastline. Its walls extend both to the north and the east and its construction marks the start of the Great Isranian Wall. Like all the planned fortresses of the Great Isran Wall its layout is simple, logical and practical. Six walls, two of which are a part of the Great Isranian Wall, form a hexagon shape. Each wall is thirty feet (9.14 meters) tall\u00a0and sixty feet (18.28 meters) wide with two tiers of walkways along its length. The bottom tier of walkways has many arrow-loops and the top tier has full crenelation with a taller pillar at regular intervals that are equipped with a couple of arrow-loops. The outside of the walls are lined with a metal spike filled trench that stops where the walls extend out into the much grander fortification. The shared walls also have these trenches to help fend off invading infantry forces. Within the walls is a simple four sided castle that stands sixty feet (18.28 meters) with four towers each standing one story taller than the castle itself and were round and has a thirty foot (9.14 meters) diameter. The tops of the castle each are topped with battlements and crenelation. The structure is littered with arrow-loops.\u00a0The Castle itself has only one entrance with a portcullis and double gates that are easily barred. The walls of the fortress has two stairways that lead to the wall's battlements. A single gate to the fortress is accessible from the Isran side equipped with a portcullis and a drawbridge. The drawbridge is designed so the defenders can destroy it should the enemy force it down, preventing easy access to the gate even if the drawbridge is taken.\u00a0The entire fortification is made of granite stones quarried in the Norkari Mountains and has a very light grey color. The castle itself has has two long Isranian banners that flow from the top of its forefront towers nearly to the ground.In addition to these main defensive structures there are several utility buildings including a small stable, a simple forge and an additional barracks.\u00a0", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Nestled in the in the southwest corner of the Free Plains is Lorel Fortress. This fortress provides a center of protection against invasions from both the southern mountains and southern half of the coastline. Its walls extend both to the north and the east and its construction marks the start of the Great Isranian Wall. Like all the planned fortresses of the Great Isran Wall its layout is simple, logical and practical. Six walls, two of which are a part of the Great Isranian Wall, form a hexagon shape. Each wall is thirty feet (9.14 meters) tall\u00a0and sixty feet (18.28 meters) wide with two tiers of walkways along its length. The bottom tier of walkways has many arrow-loops and the top tier has full crenelation with a taller pillar at regular intervals that are equipped with a couple of arrow-loops. The outside of the walls are lined with a metal spike filled trench that stops where the walls extend out into the much grander fortification. The shared walls also have these trenches to help fend off invading infantry forces. Within the walls is a simple four sided castle that stands sixty feet (18.28 meters) with four towers each standing one story taller than the castle itself and were round and has a thirty foot (9.14 meters) diameter. The tops of the castle each are topped with battlements and crenelation. The structure is littered with arrow-loops.\u00a0"}}