{"post-88228": {"user": "Duradin", "user_num": 3324, "timestamp": "1546704728000", "message": "Ragmok, the Tribe of Champions, is opening its tournament for the first time to outsiders willing to fight for glory.Your muscles strain as you continue your week long trek through the mountains, wishing that the directions to this tribe had been more specific. You've come across all sorts of dangers trekking to the location, all because of a sign you had seen at some town. It had said in rather badly wrote Common/English that there was to be an annual tournament coming up within the month. One that normally was a secret, held by the Ragmok for orcs alone. But for some reason, the leader of the Ragmok declared his territory open during the time of the tournament, to invite strangers from across the lands to fight for glory and honor. Of course, money could be earned as well by those who decided to bet on the tournament's victors.Just as you were considering finding another place to make camp, you notice crudely carved steps in the mountain. Your heart lifts as you realize that you've finally made it to the outskirts of the tribe's paths through the mountain. You were indeed getting closer! With renewed vigor, you trek up the steps and through the mountainside for another hour or two before finally seeing the edges of structures within the rocks.The village is brimming with energy, commotion occurring everywhere you look, even with the tournament a good week away. Many of the orcs look on in your direction, some wary and some welcoming with their tusk-filled smiles. This was new for everyone it seemed. You wandered the trodden paths of the village before noticing the enormous hand-carved centerpiece of the tribe. This must be where the tournament will be held!There are two wooden poles embedded in the ground near what you can only assume is the entrance of the arena. On them are a series of parchments in Orcish, broken Elven, broken Dwarven and broken Common/English along with a few other severely broken languages. They all seem to say the same things;The Tournament of Glory is broken into brackets based off new comers and veterans. New comers will take up extra fights if any, while veterans will go secondly in respect. There is to be no magic usage, before or during combat. Nor is there to be potions or projectiles. This is meant to be a clean melee arena. If you sign up, know that your death will be honorable should it occur. Our shamans will be nearby to heal those that are defeated but not slain. If you do not wish to fight, but to watch, sign the other parchment. - Chieftain Vorgon of RagmokThere are many signatures on both the contestant and watcher lists. It seems that you will have to sign one or the other and then wait until the tournament starts up.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "<b>Ragmok, the Tribe of Champions, is opening its tournament for the first time to outsiders willing to fight for glory.</b>"}}