{"post-52850": {"user": "Jun of the Celadine", "user_num": 108, "timestamp": "1475799239000", "message": "Standing about fifteen meters apart, Jun and\u00a0Alden Marshal  were preparing to test the arena on behalf of Fi Jonorin. It was also a good chance for them to see what they are made of.Jun is in her dragon armor, but otherwise has no magic equipment. She is using a regular steel shortsword. Her steel buckler had the etherobe removed. She has a regular lightweight helm.Meanwhile Alden is wielding leather armor with a camo print, two unenchanted short swords, and a brace of throwing knives.Blackbean was sitting in the stands along with a few random Land-Tillers and some other Sun Marshalls. He was pecking at a few stray bits of popcorn.\"Let's have a fun battle, ok High Marshall?\" She says while also examining their arena. Lots of trees and dirt. Neat.", "link_list": ["/user/794"], "image_list": [], "html": "Standing about fifteen meters apart, Jun and\u00a0"}, "post-52862": {"user": "Alden Marshal", "user_num": 794, "timestamp": "1475800477000", "message": "The High Marshal's eyes dart everywhere taking in the terrain. There was a large tree every dozen meters or so, making it difficult to run in straight line. The terrain was relatively flat and most hard packed earth. His eyes seem to sweep the ground as though looking for something and then he takes a low stance swords drawn and eyes on Jun. \"This should be interesting.\"This was Alden's only reply as he eyes the fifteen-meter space between him and Jun. He can feel his runes burning under his leather armor. It had been a while since he'd fought against a mage as potentially powerful as Jun was, he was a bit excited and his runes were reacting. He could feel the power within and could sense that he could tap into more of it. His ears listen carefully and less than a second after the officiate says start he moves.Alden's normal sprinting speed is approximately fifty meters per second when he goes all out. Normally it takes a second or two to reach that max speed, but the position Alden took was with his right foot planted against a largish rock sticking out of the ground. This rock acted as an improvised sprinting stand allowing him to push off of it to increase his acceleration. He doesn't go all out, instead keeping his speed to about twenty meters per second, which means he closes the gap between him and Jun in less than a second. He leads this charge with his right-hand blade coming sweeping at Jun's middle in what to him is an almost lazy blow, but to Jun would be as fast as any all out normal man's blow. His left-hand blade is cocked back ready to move.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "The High Marshal's eyes dart everywhere taking in the terrain. There was a large tree every dozen meters or so, making it difficult to run in straight line. The terrain was relatively flat and most hard packed earth. His eyes seem to sweep the ground as though looking for something and then he takes a low stance swords drawn and eyes on Jun. "}, "post-52867": {"user": "Jun of the Celadine", "user_num": 108, "timestamp": "1475801437000", "message": "As soon as Jun hears the signal, her left knee bends low and forward and she enters a defensive posture. Her buckler is held forward in her left and her blade close to it in her right. Her back leg slides back and those muscles tense. Her middle would be lower than what Alden would expect in the brief half second she had to react. She did this expecting a ranged knife attack or a rapid sprint. This turtle-like position dissuaded most forms of frontal attack, from sweeps to sword strikes. Alden's sword strike trajectory would place his attack towards her left elbow, easily deflected with a forceful jut of her buckler. His left attack would most likely collide with her sword, as would a possible segue into a kick.And from the moment her knees even started to bend Jun wore an exhilarated smirk as she rapidly uttered the words \"Behl Nalk Kun.\" From the very start of the battle a rapid build up of holy energy would begin, palpable by means of sparks of glowing light all around her. She fully expected a heavy collision from a fast melee fighter like Alden and, if he moved within expected parameters, would not dissuade her from completing her spell a half second later. (Charge 1)", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "As soon as Jun hears the signal, her left knee bends low and forward and she enters a defensive posture. Her buckler is held forward in her left and her blade close to it in her right. Her back leg slides back and those muscles tense. Her middle would be lower than what Alden would expect in the brief half second she had to react. She did this expecting a ranged knife attack or a rapid sprint. This turtle-like position dissuaded most forms of frontal attack, from sweeps to sword strikes. Alden's sword strike trajectory would place his attack towards her left elbow, easily deflected with a forceful jut of her buckler. His left attack would most likely collide with her sword, as would a possible segue into a kick."}, "post-52869": {"user": "Alden Marshal", "user_num": 794, "timestamp": "1475802331000", "message": "Dealing with any opponent with enhanced speed carried a whole host of issues, especially if that opponent had corresponding reflexes. One of the biggest issues is that what would be a full commitment to a normal person, is a lazy feint for the enhanced opponent. The moment Jun begins to jut out her buckler to intercept Alden's blow he shifts his wrist up a bit and then he fully commits. Bucklers are very small shields and with a very minute change in elevation, it is a simple matter to clear the top of it. Since Jun is crouched low this means that Alden's blade is now heading directly for Jun's head. There is also a sudden massive increase in speed when he fully commits, his blade goes from a blur of motion to all but vanishing. The upshot of this is with Jun already committing momentum to moving her buckler to the right, the sudden increase in speed would mean anyone with normal human reflexes would be unable to adjust the buckler's path  to intercept Alden's new trajectory. In other words, he did not act within parameters at all and his blade would land far sooner than the half second she needs to cast her spell.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Dealing with any opponent with enhanced speed carried a whole host of issues, especially if that opponent had corresponding reflexes. One of the biggest issues is that what would be a full commitment to a normal person, is a lazy feint for the enhanced opponent. The moment Jun begins to jut out her buckler to intercept Alden's blow he shifts his wrist up a bit and then he fully commits. Bucklers are very small shields and with a very minute change in elevation, it is a simple matter to clear the top of it. Since Jun is crouched low this means that Alden's blade is now heading directly for Jun's head. "}, "post-52881": {"user": "Jun of the Celadine", "user_num": 108, "timestamp": "1475810169000", "message": "While Jun may not be able to physically match Alden's speed, she can certainly think fast, which is why she instinctively ducks underneath the line of trajectory of her shield when she doesn't feel the impact of his sword against it. It is a panicked move, and in all likelihood\u00a0the top of Jun's helm would get clipped. But with sheer iron will, nothing was going to stop her from uttering the final work, not even a ear-splitting clang ringing through her head: \"KUN!\"Alden's would likely be blinded by the burst of light energy that pulsed outward from her flesh. The light construct propagated outwards from the surface of her being and nearly instantaneously formed around her body. It was all Jun could visualize, all she could wish to have: a giant light construct suit of armor.More like a golem than a real suit, the being encased Jun's body and followed her movements. What would immediately follow was am instinctive, enraged\u00a0swing of her now drastically oversized, pulsating, crystalline white right arm towards Alden's entire right side of his body, where a very ordinary steel longsword would have been.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "While Jun may not be able to physically match Alden's speed, she can certainly think fast, which is why she instinctively ducks underneath the line of trajectory of her shield when she "}, "post-52931": {"user": "Alden Marshal", "user_num": 794, "timestamp": "1475860095000", "message": "Jun reacts to the blade just in time to avoid what would have been a fatal blow. The slight shift of her head letting her helmet catch enough of the blow that it might have been survivable. Alden withdraws his sword and he is about to follow up with his left-hand blade when she explodes into light. Such a thing would blind a normal person, but Alden's rune carved eyes stop sudden shifts in light levels from affecting his vision. Alden sees Jun's instinctive swing coming directly for the top of his body. Alden ducks under, going from a crouch to a near-seated position, the arm passing over his head ruffling his hair. He pops back up and sends his left-hand blade out in a downward diagonal chop to hit the construct roughly around the upper thigh level, where figures Jun's leg would be.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Jun reacts to the blade just in time to avoid what would have been a fatal blow. The slight shift of her head letting her helmet catch enough of the blow that it might have been survivable. Alden withdraws his sword and he is about to follow up with his left-hand blade when she explodes into light. Such a thing would blind a normal person, but Alden's rune carved eyes stop sudden shifts in light levels from affecting his vision. "}, "post-52939": {"user": "Jun of the Celadine", "user_num": 108, "timestamp": "1475862228000", "message": "Jun feels a dazed, throbbing sensation permeate her mind, forcing her to pause and focus in order to maintain her construct. She knows if the construct fails the fight is over, especially at close range. She is unable to concentrate on casting a new spell. With Alden's superhuman speed, she also unable to muster up a proper follow-up attack. While focusing on maintaining the shell she feels a sudden impact on the construct's left thigh. The energy is distributed through most of the structure, but with Alden's enhanced strength and the momentum of her swing already sending her to her left, Jun's construct slips sideways and is forced to kneel. Jun decides the only way she is going to stand a chance is to put as much distance as she can between herself and Alden. But this will take some doing. Her physical body withdraws into a fetal position within the construct, focusing on controlling it with her thoughts. The construct, while kneeling, suddenly shifts its body forward, and its right leg rapidly swing up and over and attempts to \"stomp\" the top of Alden's head. The structure only looks like a humanoid. It doesn't actually have biological joints. This means its limbs are able to move at odd angles.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Jun feels a dazed, throbbing sensation permeate her mind, forcing her to pause and focus in order to maintain her construct. She knows if the construct fails the fight is over, especially at close range. She is unable to concentrate on casting a new spell. With Alden's superhuman speed, she also unable to muster up a proper follow-up attack. "}, "post-52961": {"user": "Alden Marshal", "user_num": 794, "timestamp": "1475870168000", "message": "Alden stepped to the side as the construct fell first to its knees then to its hands and knees. The kick came from an odd angle, but Alden wasn't one to be caught off guard. Especially since the path of the kick despite being odd was telegraphed, and Alden was more than fast enough to side step. He heads to the right bringing him further up the body and once his feet are planted he drives his left sword forward in a thrust near where the liver would be on a normal opponent. His eyes, train onto the shoulders and hips of the construct. ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Alden stepped to the side as the construct fell first to its knees then to its hands and knees. The kick came from an odd angle, but Alden wasn't one to be caught off guard. Especially since the path of the kick despite being odd was telegraphed, and Alden was more than fast enough to side step. He heads to the right bringing him further up the body and once his feet are planted he drives his left sword forward in a thrust near where the liver would be on a normal opponent. His eyes, train onto the shoulders and hips of the construct. "}, "post-52978": {"user": "Jun of the Celadine", "user_num": 108, "timestamp": "1475874765000", "message": "The golem would suddenly lurch forward just as Alden's blade is about to deliver another withering blow. As the leg swung downward, even as it missed Alden, it struck and kicked off against the forest floor. So too did the rest of the construct's limbs so that Jun would now be galloping forward on all fours like some sort of deranged giant deformed beetle. The liver strike would likely hit the creature's abdomen at an angle and bounce off, leaving Alden liable to be struck by a stray limb as the creature attempted to make it deeper into the forest. Meanwhile Jun continued to position herself within the construct. She appeared to still be in the fetal position, with her shield up towards her head, while looking forward for the largest tree she could find.To Alden's credit, stress fractures were beginning to form in and about the construct. It was close to failing.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "The golem would suddenly lurch forward just as Alden's blade is about to deliver another withering blow. As the leg swung downward, even as it missed Alden, it struck and kicked off against the forest floor. So too did the rest of the construct's limbs so that Jun would now be galloping forward on all fours like some sort of deranged giant deformed beetle. The liver strike would likely hit the creature's abdomen at an angle and bounce off, leaving Alden liable to be struck by a stray limb as the creature attempted to make it deeper into the forest. Meanwhile Jun continued to position herself within the construct. She appeared to still be in the fetal position, with her shield up towards her head, while looking forward for the largest tree she could find."}, "post-52980": {"user": "Alden Marshal", "user_num": 794, "timestamp": "1475875973000", "message": "Alden danced away as the construct began it's odd jerky movement. Shaking his head he easily keeps pace with it, then he surges ahead and darts up a tree. With his magically enhanced sight it is easy for him to track Jun and his enhanced physical capabilities let him move through the tree tops with ease. If Jun tried to track him with magic his obscuring runes would throw the detection off, and given her position tracking him by sight just isn't possible. From above and in front of her path, a throwing knife comes shooting down. The target is expertly lead so the knife will impact with the constructs back. ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Alden danced away as the construct began it's odd jerky movement. Shaking his head he easily keeps pace with it, then he surges ahead and darts up a tree. With his magically enhanced sight it is easy for him to track Jun and his enhanced physical capabilities let him move through the tree tops with ease. If Jun tried to track him with magic his obscuring runes would throw the detection off, and given her position tracking him by sight just isn't possible. From above and in front of her path, a throwing knife comes shooting down. The target is expertly lead so the knife will impact with the constructs back. "}, "post-52982": {"user": "Jun of the Celadine", "user_num": 108, "timestamp": "1475877926000", "message": "Seconds after the creature starts galloping, it reaches its target. The golem however doesn't attempt to slam into it, or climb up it. Instead one of the golem's large limbs slams into the tree. The rest of the construct's limbs withdraw. This causes the construct to beginning hooking around the tree just as Alden's knife impacts it. When it does, it bounces off the construct's back, and at that moment the construct finally fails.However, because the construct had started to hook around the tree, Jun's momentum carries her forward like a human cannonball. As soon as she feels the impact she scrunches her body together, her hand behind her buckler to her face, her other hand on the other side of her helm, with her sword angled so that the flat of her blade protects most of her neck, and her legs drawn up to her chest. She is traveling forward an a slight angle which, for a brief fraction of a second will put her out of Alden's line of sight thanks to the tree. Even if he manages to hurl a second knife, Jun barely has any flesh exposed to the open air from above.Even before she proceeds to hit the ground and roll like a veritable pill bug, a flash of bright red mana emanates from the core of her body and is rapidly building up. (Charge 1)", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Seconds after the creature starts galloping, it reaches its target. The golem however doesn't attempt to slam into it, or climb up it. Instead one of the golem's large limbs slams into the tree. The rest of the construct's limbs withdraw. This causes the construct to beginning hooking around the tree just as Alden's knife impacts it. When it does, it bounces off the construct's back, and at that moment the construct finally fails."}, "post-52984": {"user": "Alden Marshal", "user_num": 794, "timestamp": "1475878464000", "message": "Alden tracks Jun's movements, moving through the trees and around to give himself a clear view. Once he has one he tosses another knife at Jun, the red mana providing an easy target for the knife. Then he moves again through the trees. It would be difficult for Jun to track his movement, thanks to the cameo pattern of his armor and the speed with which he moves through the branches. He best bet would be tracking the ruffling of leaves that he can't stop when he jumps to the branches of another tree.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Alden tracks Jun's movements, moving through the trees and around to give himself a clear view. Once he has one he tosses another knife at Jun, the red mana providing an easy target for the knife. Then he moves again through the trees. It would be difficult for Jun to track his movement, thanks to the cameo pattern of his armor and the speed with which he moves through the branches. He best bet would be tracking the ruffling of leaves that he can't stop when he jumps to the branches of another tree."}, "post-52987": {"user": "Jun of the Celadine", "user_num": 108, "timestamp": "1475879964000", "message": "Jun however, doesn't bother to try to track his movements at all. Instead she does her best to remain in turtle position, bracing herself for anything that didn't instantly kill her. The knife collides with her body. But where does it land?1-2: Shield (no damage), 3-5: limbs (severe limb damage), 6: small gap in defense to torso (instant kill), 7: spine (instant kill) 8-9: upper back (minimal damage), 10-12: lower back (organ damage, extreme pain, charge interruption)kdXVBOeP1-12Jun is struck in her lower back. The enhanced speed from the knife is enough to splinter into her armor and embed itself into her kidney. The sharp pain is enough to prevent Jun from gathering any more mana. Instead the mana she was able to build up bursts out in a radial pulse.The spell was intended to be a fire elemental summoning, similar to what she once used to fight a giant spider attacking Isra. The creature would have posed a more significant challenge to Alden, if only for a few seconds. Instead it is merely a blast of scalding hot air which blows out in all directions. Still, the briefly charged spell is enough to ignite most of the tree limbs in a several dozen meter radius, hopefully forcing Alden to retreat, even for half a second.Still not one to give up, the now badly injured Jun quickly pulls out the knife, blood loss be damned, and slam her back against another tree, grimacing. She starts to focus her hearing, trying to spot any shuffling of leaves or creaking of branches where she can direct her shield and sword. If she can survive just one more second she can begin casting another spell.1-12", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Jun however, doesn't bother to try to track his movements at all. Instead she does her best to remain in turtle position, bracing herself for anything that didn't instantly kill her. The knife collides with her body. But where does it land?"}, "post-52991": {"user": "Alden Marshal", "user_num": 794, "timestamp": "1475881514000", "message": "Alden covers his fast as the wave of hot air hits him, unpleasant and enough to cause a burn on his exposed flesh. Then he jumps out of the tree that is beginning to smolder and hits the ground falling into a roll, coming up feet first a few scant meters from Jun just as she withdraws the knife. He has a short sword in his right hand and another throwing knife in his left. He hefts the knife to throw and eyes the girl critically, the look in his eyes makes things clear, it was time for Jun to surrender. If she didn't, if she tried to draw in mana he'd throw the knife. At this range it'd be difficult for her to react in time and even if she did he'd be on her a second later.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Alden covers his fast as the wave of hot air hits him, unpleasant and enough to cause a burn on his exposed flesh. Then he jumps out of the tree that is beginning to smolder and hits the ground falling into a roll, coming up feet first a few scant meters from Jun just as she withdraws the knife. He has a short sword in his right hand and another throwing knife in his left. He hefts the knife to throw and eyes the girl critically, the look in his eyes makes things clear, it was time for Jun to surrender. If she didn't, if she tried to draw in mana he'd throw the knife. At this range it'd be difficult for her to react in time and even if she did he'd be on her a second later."}, "post-52992": {"user": "Jun of the Celadine", "user_num": 108, "timestamp": "1475882327000", "message": "Luckily Jun is a fast learner. She realizes immediately that any sort of counterattack against Alden is utterly hopeless.The second she hears Alden's body hit the ground with a thud, she lunges her shield in that direction and crouches down, minimizing her cross-section. Her shield is primed to withdraw protect her front and top. Her sword hand's wrist is at an angle so that the blade decreases the probability of him striking her legs. And she is primed to roll her back to the tree as soon as her senses detect a flank to her side. She will attempt to anticipate his attacks using her senses rather than try to react to what she sees.Despite the dull burning in her lower back, Jun's eyes glow defiantly with more mana. (Charge 1)", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Luckily Jun is a fast learner. She realizes immediately that any sort of counterattack against Alden is utterly hopeless."}, "post-52993": {"user": "Alden Marshal", "user_num": 794, "timestamp": "1475882956000", "message": "Jun isn't even looking at him instead, she is crouched down and trying to protect her body as best she can with the Buckler. It was a sound strategy since it covered all her vital organs, but a buckler isn't particularly big. The knife goes flying aimed directly for her head, even as he takes off at a run. The knife is deadly and if ignored will certainly end the fight, but at the end of the day, it's just a distraction. Less than a second after it impacts Alden is in the air. His leap carries him directly over Jun and he twists in mid-air, lashing down at her head from above.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Jun isn't even looking at him instead, she is crouched down and trying to protect her body as best she can with the Buckler. It was a sound strategy since it covered all her vital organs, but a buckler isn't particularly big. The knife goes flying aimed directly for her head, even as he takes off at a run. The knife is deadly and if ignored will certainly end the fight, but at the end of the day, it's just a distraction. Less than a second after it impacts Alden is in the air. His leap carries him directly over Jun and he twists in mid-air, lashing down at her head from above."}, "post-52995": {"user": "Jun of the Celadine", "user_num": 108, "timestamp": "1475883733000", "message": "As Jun's face was mostly hidden by her buckler, the knife collided harmlessly with the shield, although it did make her recoil a bit.As Alden makes his flying leap over Jun's body, he would notice a foreboding sight. Another, much simpler light construct than the golem, was materializing just in front of Alden's trajectory. The construct was in the form of a sharp blade. It would appear to an extent that Jun had been able to figure out her blind spot just before Alden made it there.Unfortunately, Alden's superhuman slash would slam her helm against the tree a fraction of a second before the spell was ready. In that instant a loud clang would be heard, and Alden would go flying through a relatively harmless, actually rather pretty, shower of light sparkles, as the blade dematerialized. When Alden landed, he might turn to see Jun slump to the ground, knocked unconscious by the devastating impact against the tree. The fight was over. Alden was the winner.The sparkles would persist mischievously around Alden's body before fading away into the air.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "As Jun's face was mostly hidden by her buckler, the knife collided harmlessly with the shield, although it did make her recoil a bit."}, "post-53000": {"user": "Alden Marshal", "user_num": 794, "timestamp": "1475884886000", "message": "Alden spots the knife materializing and has to admit it shows a certain unconventional thinking. Though how much damage the knife would have done is hard to say. The high marshal lands in a roll and comes back to his feet. Jun is laying unconscious on the ground and it's pretty obvious that she won't be getting up anytime soon. He makes a mental note to have her attend additional martial combat lessons and leaves the arena without a word. He'd proven the point he meant to at the start of this.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Alden spots the knife materializing and has to admit it shows a certain unconventional thinking. Though how much damage the knife would have done is hard to say. The high marshal lands in a roll and comes back to his feet. Jun is laying unconscious on the ground and it's pretty obvious that she won't be getting up anytime soon. He makes a mental note to have her attend additional martial combat lessons and leaves the arena without a word. He'd proven the point he meant to at the start of this."}}