{"post-83873": {"user": "Tawakoshi", "user_num": 2480, "timestamp": "1531002213000", "message": "This hidden wild onsen rests in the mountains of Kiyonai somewhere behind the Hizashi Mansion. Used by the Hizashi family for generations, its location is kept secret to preserve its privacy. Natural hot springs bubble up with their richly mineral water into various pools, surrounded by the peaceful beauty of the forest and mountains. The waters are known for their healing properties and benefits to health. A small inn provides all the comforts of a home away from home, albeit in a rather rustic style. No entry except by permission.\u00a0", "link_list": [], "image_list": ["https://farm1.staticflickr.com/837/43215009172_1b9b8feca0_b.jpg", "https://farm2.staticflickr.com/1828/41454647150_d61346d250_z.jpg"], "html": "This hidden wild onsen rests in the mountains of Kiyonai somewhere behind the Hizashi Mansion. Used by the Hizashi family for generations, its location is kept secret to preserve its privacy. Natural hot springs bubble up with their richly mineral water into various pools, surrounded by the peaceful beauty of the forest and mountains. The waters are known for their healing properties and benefits to health. A small inn provides all the comforts of a home away from home, albeit in a rather rustic style. No entry except by permission.\u00a0"}, "post-84050": {"user": "Kojuro Hizashi", "user_num": 2287, "timestamp": "1531948255000", "message": "Nakatani The rest of the journey passed uneventfully, aside from the motion of their travel becoming rougher as they ascended and descended the rugged landscape. After a time, the bearers stopped, and settled the palanquins on the ground. Kojuro disembarked and stood up stretching. The small boxes were a little cramped for his liking, even though he had the pleasure of sharing one nestled together with Nakatani. Breathing in the clean forest air, he looked around. Light glowed softly from paper lanterns and windows of a small collection of wooden buildings that sheltered among the hugged a rugged cliffside, while a stream, white even in the darkness, accompanied the scene with a pleasant rushing sound and its spray cooled the night air. Pine trees covered the mountainsides and grew close to the edges of the river. It made a very inviting picture. For Kojuro, who had not left the mansion in weeks, its beauty was moving, and he stood admiring it for some while.As the group arrived, a man and a woman in their middle years emerged from the buildings, and bowed deeply. \u201cWelcome, Hizashi-sama, Nakatani-sama,\u201d they said both in unison. The woman, who had carried out a paper lantern, walked forward to escort them inside. ", "link_list": ["/user/426"], "image_list": [], "html": "<span itemscope=\"\" itemtype=\"http://schema.org/Person\"><a class=\"user-link js-user-link user-426 group-0\" href=\"/user/426\" itemprop=\"url\" title=\"@nakatani\"><span itemprop=\"name\">Nakatani</span></a></span>"}, "post-84158": {"user": "Nakatani", "user_num": 426, "timestamp": "1532601725000", "message": "Even though the travel in the palanquin wasn't pleasant for everybody, Nakatani had found the rocking motions of them quite relaxing. She had soon dozed off slightly, still tired after her sudden waking during the night. Her head had leaned on Kojuro's shoulder as she drifted gently in and out of sleep as the palanquin bobbed up and down. In her mind the journey had only taken them a few minutes. When they eventually arrived she stretched herself and rubbed in her eyes to get the sleep out of them. She was afraid she would have dark rings under her eyes despite her effort to look as nice as possibly for Kojuro. As she stepped out she took the black cloak of her shoulder and together with Kojuro looked at the landscape. She gently took his hand in her, feeling his touch and the warmth of his skin. The terrain was beautiful and even though she knew people were inside, a part of her felt like this place hadn't been touched in a long time. As if they were the only people who would ever admire its beauty, only sharing it within the two of them. When the man and woman arrived, Nakatani bowed deeply back to them out of habit. Sayuri had time and time again told her she no longer needed to bow to servants and guards. A bob of her head would suffice as she was now ranked well above most. But no matter how often she said, she found it hard to break the habit, feeling like she would offend someone if she didn't. Even the way they addressed her still made her feel slightly uncomfortable. She still felt like the servant girl she had been for years. She would let go of Kojuro's hand as they went inside. ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Even though the travel in the palanquin wasn't pleasant for everybody, Nakatani had found the rocking motions of them quite relaxing. She had soon dozed off slightly, still tired after her sudden waking during the night. Her head had leaned on Kojuro's shoulder as she drifted gently in and out of sleep as the palanquin bobbed up and down. In her mind the journey had only taken them a few minutes. When they eventually arrived she stretched herself and rubbed in her eyes to get the sleep out of them. She was afraid she would have dark rings under her eyes despite her effort to look as nice as possibly for Kojuro. As she stepped out she took the black cloak of her shoulder and together with Kojuro looked at the landscape. She gently took his hand in her, feeling his touch and the warmth of his skin. The terrain was beautiful and even though she knew people were inside, a part of her felt like this place hadn't been touched in a long time. As if they were the only people who would ever admire its beauty, only sharing it within the two of them. "}, "post-84164": {"user": "Kojuro Hizashi", "user_num": 2287, "timestamp": "1532633301000", "message": "He wrapped his fingers around hers when she put her hand in his, and while her attention was on the surroundings, he glanced at her, watching the beauty of this place reflected in her face as she admired it. It seemed to make her shine a little in the moonlight. Sooner or later though, they would have to stop. Kojuro nodded to the couple, and they ushered them both into the building. It smelled pleasantly of the fragrant wood from which its beams had been built. \u201cThis is your room, if it is to your liking,\u201d the woman said as she opened a sliding wooden door onto a well proportioned, yet not overly large room, where futons were already spread out on the fresh tatami matting, and lanterns glowed in the corners. \u201cIf you need anything at all, please ask,\u201d she said. \u201cThank you,\u201d replied Kojuro, and the old lady smiled and stepped back through the door, closing it behind them.  Turning to face Nakatani, he put his arms around her waist and drew her close to him. \u201cOur room,\u201d he said, with a playful smile. They hadn't exactly had much that was jointly theirs before. Somehow it made it feel as though they were more of a real couple. He nuzzled into her neck, putting his lips in just the right places that he knew were most sensitive, enjoying the simple fact of being alone with her, truly alone for once, although outside the room there were servants and guards aplenty. \u201cAre you still tired?\u201d he asked, knowing she had got a fair amount of sleep in the rocking palanquin with her head rested on his shoulder. \u201cDo you want to go down to the onsen now, or...?\u201d The question was left unfinished, although it was not hard to guess what else he was thinking they might do. ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "He wrapped his fingers around hers when she put her hand in his, and while her attention was on the surroundings, he glanced at her, watching the beauty of this place reflected in her face as she admired it. It seemed to make her shine a little in the moonlight. Sooner or later though, they would have to stop. Kojuro nodded to the couple, and they ushered them both into the building. It smelled pleasantly of the fragrant wood from which its beams had been built. \u201cThis is your room, if it is to your liking,\u201d the woman said as she opened a sliding wooden door onto a well proportioned, yet not overly large room, where futons were already spread out on the fresh tatami matting, and lanterns glowed in the corners. \u201cIf you need anything at all, please ask,\u201d she said. \u201cThank you,\u201d replied Kojuro, and the old lady smiled and stepped back through the door, closing it behind them.  "}, "post-84166": {"user": "Nakatani", "user_num": 426, "timestamp": "1532635719000", "message": "When the lady mentioned them towards their room and she saw the two futons laying on the ground side by side, Nakatani could feel a light blush cover her cheeks. Even though she had become Kojuro's official consort she had actually not had an opportunity to spend a night with him. Kojuro had been sick and Anzen had been strict about him needed plenty of rest. Even if that wouldn't have been the case, she had been spending a lot of time with Sayuri, making the woman comfortable during the hard times of her pregnancy. And even though she was well aware of the situation, Kojuro just had to go and tease her even more. When he nuzzled her neck her cheeks turned even pinked. She could feel the warmth of his breath, the softness of his lips. It made the hairs on her back and arm stand right up and she could feel her desire for him rise in her. Thought rolled around in her head, reminding her constantly that they were finally with just the two of them. Even if she had been tired, she wasn't tired anymore. \"I want to go to the onsen, Kojuro\" she said in a soft whisper. She was sure her head would explode if she would blush anymore.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "When the lady mentioned them towards their room and she saw the two futons laying on the ground side by side, Nakatani could feel a light blush cover her cheeks. Even though she had become Kojuro's official consort she had actually not had an opportunity to spend a night with him. Kojuro had been sick and Anzen had been strict about him needed plenty of rest. Even if that wouldn't have been the case, she had been spending a lot of time with Sayuri, making the woman comfortable during the hard times of her pregnancy. "}, "post-84168": {"user": "Kojuro Hizashi", "user_num": 2287, "timestamp": "1532639503000", "message": "\u201cMm, of course,\u201d he replied, prying his lips away from her skin with difficulty. He wouldn't be able to simply unwrap her clothing and lower her down onto those futons that were so close by... instead his desire would need to wait a little longer. It seemed they had waited such a long time already, surely it wouldn't make too much difference, he tried to tell himself. He pulled himself away from her, releasing her from his arms, and turned to the futons, where some neatly folded yukata had been provided for them to wear while walking around in the inn. With his back to her, he quickly got changed, willing himself some patience. Although the hot springs themselves were open to all, the areas where they would get scrubbed clean before getting in were, as traditional, separate for men and women. \u201cSee you down there!\u201d he said, slipping deftly out of the door. Down in the wash room, one of the onsen's servants would assist with some vigorous scrubbing with rice bran soap and rinsing off in cold water which took Kojuro's mind off his libidinous thoughts of Naka for a short while, and it actually was quite relaxing too. Once done, he stepped out of the bath house and out onto the veranda that ran next to the hot spring pools, looking around to see if Nakatani had made it into the onsen before him. He walked down to the pool, completely naked save for a small towel around his shoulders. He could feel the bracing night air on every part of his body. He laid the towel on the edge of the steaming pool, a natural rocky basin formed by the gods alone, and stepped into the water. It was gloriously warm as he submerged himself, and laid back his head on the towel to glance up at the stars that twinkled overhead through the gaps in the leaves.\u00a0", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "\u201cMm, of course,\u201d he replied, prying his lips away from her skin with difficulty. He wouldn't be able to simply unwrap her clothing and lower her down onto those futons that were so close by... instead his desire would need to wait a little longer. It seemed they had waited such a long time already, surely it wouldn't make too much difference, he tried to tell himself. He pulled himself away from her, releasing her from his arms, and turned to the futons, where some neatly folded yukata had been provided for them to wear while walking around in the inn. With his back to her, he quickly got changed, willing himself some patience. Although the hot springs themselves were open to all, the areas where they would get scrubbed clean before getting in were, as traditional, separate for men and women. \u201cSee you down there!\u201d he said, slipping deftly out of the door. Down in the wash room, one of the onsen's servants would assist with some vigorous scrubbing with rice bran soap and rinsing off in cold water which took Kojuro's mind off his libidinous thoughts of Naka for a short while, and it actually was quite relaxing too. Once done, he stepped out of the bath house and out onto the veranda that ran next to the hot spring pools, looking around to see if Nakatani had made it into the onsen before him. He walked down to the pool, completely naked save for a small towel around his shoulders. He could feel the bracing night air on every part of his body. He laid the towel on the edge of the steaming pool, a natural rocky basin formed by the gods alone, and stepped into the water. It was gloriously warm as he submerged himself, and laid back his head on the towel to glance up at the stars that twinkled overhead through the gaps in the leaves.\u00a0"}, "post-84173": {"user": "Nakatani", "user_num": 426, "timestamp": "1532680605000", "message": "She could hear the slight disappointment in his voice, but she couldn't regret her choice. She wanted this feeling to last. She wanted to nourish her desire until she couldn't hold it in any longer. She wanted to want him with every fiber of her being. She wanted it to be the best night that they could share together, something they would never forget. After all, it was going to be her first. Thought most Geisha's would have undergone their Mizuage, Nakatani had not. Genji had taken her from the grasps of her house before she had left her Meiko status behind her. She was still a virgin. She changed as quickly as she could when Kojuro had his back turned to her and saw him leave through the door before she could even take a step. She waited for a small moment, taking a few deep breaths before she herself made her way to the washing area. The servant waiting for her seemed excited and bubbly. While she was washing her she would simply talk on and on. \"You look so beautiful Nakatani-sama. Your skin seems to glow in this lighting.\" were things she said. Instead of calming her down, it just made her slightly anxious. It was as if everyone around her knew what they were about to do. Was this a common thing? The servant washed her from head to toe, took the dirt out from under her nails and brushed her hair until every single knot was gone. She was glad to have it over with and would walk shyly towards the veranda where she knew Kojuro must be waiting on her. And indeed he was. She was completely naked except for the small towel that she was clutching to the front of her body, it just barely covered her breasts and sex. Her hips showed on either side of it, revealing her pear-shaped body. Her silky black hair was down reaching all the way to the nape of her back. Her face was already showing soft pink on her cheeks and her skin was gleaming in the dim lighting. She was glad for the steam that was rising from the water, feeling just a little bit more covered. As she made her way to the water, her shyness took over. She didn't say a word, she wasn't sure what there was to say. Even when she climbed in the water, she only took the towel off her body for the slightest of moments before she dipped herself fully in the water, hoping the darkness in the water was enough to cover her. ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "She could hear the slight disappointment in his voice, but she couldn't regret her choice. She wanted this feeling to last. She wanted to nourish her desire until she couldn't hold it in any longer. She wanted to want him with every fiber of her being. She wanted it to be the best night that they could share together, something they would never forget. After all, it was going to be her first. "}, "post-84223": {"user": "Kojuro Hizashi", "user_num": 2287, "timestamp": "1532894686000", "message": "Kojuro gave a sigh as he relaxed into the onsen. The water gave off an odd but not unpleasant mineral scent, and was a greenish-blue colour not usually seen anywhere else. Already he was beginning to understand why it was considered a healing place. He could already feel the effects of the spring on his body. Although his most recent wound was nearly fully healed down to a red-pink scar on his stomach, he buoyancy of the water took the pressure off his abdominal muscles, easing the discomfort which he had almost got used to. His left hand, which was prone to cramping up was starting to un-tense itself submerged in the water. All his muscles just seemed to loosen in water of the hot spring and he closed his eyes.  The creak of a footstep on the veranda made him glance up, and through the billows of steam, he caught a glimpse of moonlight reflecting from pale skin, and burnishing silky black hair. Nakatani stepped in shyly, attempting to make her tiny towel cover far more places than it was designed for, and gave Kojuro more than a glimpse of the curves of her figure as she entered the water with eyes lowered demurely. It was the first time he had seen her naked, which she was, despite the best efforts of the tiny towel, and he felt his heart leap into his mouth at the sight. Kojuro found he was holding his breath as he watched her movements, slow and halting yet still graceful. His eyes lingered as she finally moved the towel aside to get into to the pool. He wasn\u2019t even sure she was aware of him watching her, and so he spoke up quietly so as to not startle her. \u201cNaka-chan,\u201d he eased himself from his spot at the side of the pool and walked along the smooth rocky bottom towards her, slowly as though approaching a wild deer. Should she look towards him, Naka wouldn\u2019t see anything more than what she already had, the water was deep enough for that, but the skin of his bare torso shone as the water dripped from it, glinting in the light of the moon and the soft glow of the lanterns. \u201cTurn around,\u201d he said softly, and when her back was to him, he gathered up her long, silky soft hair, the ends of which had already touched the water. If she was shy about him seeing her naked, at least he was only seeing her from behind. \u201cYou don\u2019t want to get your hair all wet at night\u2026 you might catch a cold,\u201d he said close to her ear, as he used the excuse to run his hands through it, looping it around in such a way that it wouldn\u2019t be dragging in the water, and clumsily attempting to tie it in place with the towel he plucked from the riverbank. Unable to bear the thought of not touching her when she was so close, he ran his hand down from the side of her neck, over her shoulder and down the soft skin of her arm. Even that, he had rarely seen without a sleeve covering most of it. ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Kojuro gave a sigh as he relaxed into the onsen. The water gave off an odd but not unpleasant mineral scent, and was a greenish-blue colour not usually seen anywhere else. Already he was beginning to understand why it was considered a healing place. He could already feel the effects of the spring on his body. Although his most recent wound was nearly fully healed down to a red-pink scar on his stomach, he buoyancy of the water took the pressure off his abdominal muscles, easing the discomfort which he had almost got used to. His left hand, which was prone to cramping up was starting to un-tense itself submerged in the water. All his muscles just seemed to loosen in water of the hot spring and he closed his eyes.  "}, "post-84237": {"user": "Nakatani", "user_num": 426, "timestamp": "1532963056000", "message": "She had figured Kojuro had to be hiding somewhere in the steam that covered the onsen. The servant had took her time with Nakatani so he must have gone ahead of her. She wondered if he would have felt just as embarrassed walking down the veranda as she had just now. Would he have covered himself up with the tiny towel? Or would he have been bold, not caring if she saw his full nakedness? She would never know because she ended up being the second one out, she ended up being the one needing to expose herself. She was more than relieved when even while getting in the water, she could only catch a small glimpse of Kojuro his silhouette. She knew that at least not everything had been exposed to him just yet. And that is exactly why she couldn't help but cover herself up with her arms once again when Kojuro started to emerge from the steam. The water had already reached past her hips, but the top half of her was still exposed in the open air. She looked at his face and felt the heat rush to her cheeks. In this light and with the steam he seemed more dreamy then before. She had seen his upper body exposed many times, but the setting made her view him in a different light entirely. He was already wet from the water and drops of water were slowly trickling down his body. She could see every inch of his muscles, every curve, and edge they created. At that moment he almost seemed like a piece of art, an image made out of smooth silky stone, the very embodiment of the perfection a sculptor spend his lifetime to try and create. When he eventually called out to her she was already so lost in her thoughts that she almost reacted as if she had only noticed he was there right at that second. Without saying anything else she nodded and turned herself around, her arms still around her upper body. Only when she started to feel his hands brushing through her hair she felt able to relax. She uncovered herself and instead closed her eyes. She liked him near her, she liked the tickle on her skin when they almost touched. She got goosebumps just from him touching her in places he had never touched her before. The desire she had felt before was already slowly returning. She turned herself around, keeping their bodies so close together that he couldn't look at her uncovered nakedness. Her eyes at his face. She pushed him backward, towards the deeper ends of the water. She could feel the water creeping up her sides as it slowly swallowed her further. The smell of minerals became stronger the deeper they went. She only stopped when she felt the water brush against her collarbone, leaving her just shoulders and head in the midnight air. Here she could be herself, here she could give herself to him. Here she knew that as long as he took it slow, she would find the courage to let him see all of her. \"I am glad we came.\" she whispered softly, her eyes still staring deeply into his. ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "She had figured Kojuro had to be hiding somewhere in the steam that covered the onsen. The servant had took her time with Nakatani so he must have gone ahead of her. She wondered if he would have felt just as embarrassed walking down the veranda as she had just now. Would he have covered himself up with the tiny towel? Or would he have been bold, not caring if she saw his full nakedness? She would never know because she ended up being the second one out, she ended up being the one needing to expose herself. She was more than relieved when even while getting in the water, she could only catch a small glimpse of Kojuro his silhouette. She knew that at least not everything had been exposed to him just yet. "}, "post-84297": {"user": "Kojuro Hizashi", "user_num": 2287, "timestamp": "1533397458000", "message": "When she turned, he found himself drawn into her dark eyes that were locked boldly with his. He leaned down to kiss her on the lips, but Nakatani had other ideas, instead, he felt her hands on his chest and moved backwards with her as she manoeuvred him into the deeper waters. Her shyness at being seen unclothed was at a contrast with her taking the initiative of steering him where she wanted him to go, and he found the combination extremely erotic. When the water was somewhere up to her shoulders, and reached mid-chest height on Kojuro, it seemed they were deep enough. \u201cI\u2019m glad we came,\u201d she said, and he swallowed hard before replying \u201cme too,\u201d equally as softly, but much more hungrily as he finished the word with his lips on hers, not wanting to feel any more barriers between them. His arms encircled her waist, as they had many times when both were clothed, and his hands ran lightly over the soft smooth skin of her back, up to the nape of her neck and back down. He pulled her in a little closer until her nipples brushed against his chest, and his loose hair tickled against her neck. Was she so shy of being touched as she was of being seen? He drew his right hand from her back and gently cupped her breast. In the middle of the pool, hidden by the steam, it seemed there were only the two of them in this whole world. He wanted to explore everything, every part of her. Find out where she liked to be touched the most and how, know her body and understand it as well as he knew her heart. Though he would take it as slowly or as quickly as she wished, he wanted her to give her pleasure this night, and show her just how much she meant to him. ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "When she turned, he found himself drawn into her dark eyes that were locked boldly with his. He leaned down to kiss her on the lips, but Nakatani had other ideas, instead, he felt her hands on his chest and moved backwards with her as she manoeuvred him into the deeper waters. Her shyness at being seen unclothed was at a contrast with her taking the initiative of steering him where she wanted him to go, and he found the combination extremely erotic. When the water was somewhere up to her shoulders, and reached mid-chest height on Kojuro, it seemed they were deep enough. \u201cI\u2019m glad we came,\u201d she said, and he swallowed hard before replying \u201cme too,\u201d equally as softly, but much more hungrily as he finished the word with his lips on hers, not wanting to feel any more barriers between them. "}, "post-84302": {"user": "Nakatani", "user_num": 426, "timestamp": "1533406981000", "message": "She blushed as he answered her and she leaned up against him when he started to touch her. Even in the warmth of the onsen, goosebumps started to come into existence in her neck and on her arms. Anywhere his fingers had brushed her a strange sensation was left on her skin. She closed her eyes, enjoying it. She still felt shy and her blush has soon covered her entire face and neck. But it was alright, she knew she could let him take her, she knew she could let him explore her. And so she did. She stayed silent, barely moving. Almost as if she was scared that if she moved she would scare him away. This changed when he softly cupped her breast. Her mouth opened and she exhaled sharply through her mouth, accompanied by a soft sound. The smallness of her breast got covered entirely by his hand. His palm tickled her already sensitive nipples and they quickly hardened against his skin. Her nails dug softly into the skin of his chest. She opened her eyes. Looking him deeply into his eyes. He would see her shyness reflected into them, but he would also see the desire that was burning ever so deep within her. Her lips reached for his, standing on the tips of her toes in the warm water. She kissed him with passion, not wanting to ever part with him again. Her hands slid up towards his neck and into his hair, softly pushing him ever closer into her as they kissed. ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "She blushed as he answered her and she leaned up against him when he started to touch her. Even in the warmth of the onsen, goosebumps started to come into existence in her neck and on her arms. Anywhere his fingers had brushed her a strange sensation was left on her skin. She closed her eyes, enjoying it. She still felt shy and her blush has soon covered her entire face and neck. But it was alright, she knew she could let him take her, she knew she could let him explore her. And so she did. She stayed silent, barely moving. Almost as if she was scared that if she moved she would scare him away. "}, "post-84371": {"user": "Kojuro Hizashi", "user_num": 2287, "timestamp": "1533721743000", "message": "Kojuro savoured the way her body reacted to his touch, the goosebumps that appeared and quickly disappearead as he ran his hand over her skin, the small noises she made, the way her fingertips clutched against his chest... Desire rose in him more and more as each moment passed, and Nakatani responded in kind, he could not only see it in her eyes, but the flush of her skin and the way her body pressed against his. Their kiss was long and deep, he held her close, knowing she could not help but feel his desire for her. This time, he needed keep it concealed. When their kiss ended, Kojuro reached down for her hand. Silently, he led Nakatani from the deep water at the centre of the pool towards the far bank, furthest from the buildings, deep under the shade of the leaves. There were other places on Nakatani\u2019s body he wanted to put his lips, and this water was too deep to much of that. If she came with him, gradually more of her body would be exposed to his eyes and the moonlight, and wherever she wished to stop, he would. Otherwise he would move her towards the edge where the waters would come no higher than their waists. ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Kojuro savoured the way her body reacted to his touch, the goosebumps that appeared and quickly disappearead as he ran his hand over her skin, the small noises she made, the way her fingertips clutched against his chest... Desire rose in him more and more as each moment passed, and Nakatani responded in kind, he could not only see it in her eyes, but the flush of her skin and the way her body pressed against his. Their kiss was long and deep, he held her close, knowing she could not help but feel his desire for her. This time, he needed keep it concealed. When their kiss ended, Kojuro reached down for her hand. Silently, he led Nakatani from the deep water at the centre of the pool towards the far bank, furthest from the buildings, deep under the shade of the leaves. There were other places on Nakatani\u2019s body he wanted to put his lips, and this water was too deep to much of that. If she came with him, gradually more of her body would be exposed to his eyes and the moonlight, and wherever she wished to stop, he would. Otherwise he would move her towards the edge where the waters would come no higher than their waists. "}, "post-84373": {"user": "Nakatani", "user_num": 426, "timestamp": "1533725965000", "message": "She enjoyed the kiss, the water slowly moving between them as they got closer to each other. The small current tickled her skin, the warmth of the water moving along her sides. She wanted to follow his lips when they disconnected from his, not wanting the kiss to end. But it ended either way. She blinked her eyes up at him, wondering why he broke away from her when he took her hand gently and started to lead her to the more shallow water. She walked with him, but she knew the water would soon betray her and expose her upper body into the evening sky. Even when the light was dim, only being lit by the moon and a few lights that were a decent length away from her, she could feel her shyness rising again. She bit her lip as she felt the water tickle past her breasts, but couldn't control herself enough to not cover herself with her free arm. Why? Why could she not control her feeling enough? Why was her shyness still there? She wanted him to see her, she wanted him to take every single part of her. But at the same time, something told her that she shouldn't expose herself like that. She bit her lip harder, tears softly prickled in her eyes as her emotions fought each other inside of her. It frustrated her. Kojuro stopped as the water just barely covered the rest of her sex. For a few moments, she stayed there in silence, her hand still in his, the other covering what little she could of her breasts. Her eyes cast down to the water between them. Just as a tear was about to escape her, she made a decision. She let her hand drop and pushed herself again Kojuro, kissing him once again. Her hands once again entangled in his hair. This time she was the one to break the kiss. She looked him in the eyes, determination showing, desire showing, but her shyness was no longer there. \"Don't hold back... I want you to see all of me...\" she whispered. ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "She enjoyed the kiss, the water slowly moving between them as they got closer to each other. The small current tickled her skin, the warmth of the water moving along her sides. She wanted to follow his lips when they disconnected from his, not wanting the kiss to end. But it ended either way. She blinked her eyes up at him, wondering why he broke away from her when he took her hand gently and started to lead her to the more shallow water. "}, "post-84391": {"user": "Kojuro Hizashi", "user_num": 2287, "timestamp": "1533816394000", "message": "Once again Naka seemed to want to cover herself, but she didn't stop, letting him lead her into the shallower water. He gave a brief scan of the surroundings, wondering if she was scared of other people watching, but it seemed not. He was about to tell her that it was alright, no one was about to see them, when she surprised him again by revealing herself for just the briefest moment as she pressed herself to his body, and her lips to his. He leaned down, returning her passionate embrace, until she broke the contact of their lips, if not their bodies. \u201cSee all of you?\u201d he replied, his eyes still dark with desire for her as the corner of his mouth twitched up. \u201cDo I have to just look, or can I touch too?\u201d he asked playfully, his lips finding their way down the side of her neck to her shoulder and then lower still... there was nothing hurried in the way he explored her body, and let her explore his. In the cool night air and the warmth of the hot spring, the stream shrouded their bodies from prying eyes as they began the dance that was as old as time itself. [Curtains Down]", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Once again Naka seemed to want to cover herself, but she didn't stop, letting him lead her into the shallower water. He gave a brief scan of the surroundings, wondering if she was scared of other people watching, but it seemed not. He was about to tell her that it was alright, no one was about to see them, when she surprised him again by revealing herself for just the briefest moment as she pressed herself to his body, and her lips to his. He leaned down, returning her passionate embrace, until she broke the contact of their lips, if not their bodies. \u201cSee all of you?\u201d he replied, his eyes still dark with desire for her as the corner of his mouth twitched up. \u201cDo I have to just look, or can I touch too?\u201d he asked playfully, his lips finding their way down the side of her neck to her shoulder and then lower still... there was nothing hurried in the way he explored her body, and let her explore his. In the cool night air and the warmth of the hot spring, the stream shrouded their bodies from prying eyes as they began the dance that was as old as time itself. "}, "post-84392": {"user": "Nakatani", "user_num": 426, "timestamp": "1533843660000", "message": "[Curtains Up!] Naka leaned against Kojuro's chest, her body feeling weightless in the water. Her arms rested gently on his chest as well. Her body was warm and sweaty, and it was not caused by the steam that was still rising from the warm water. Her hair had gotten untangled from the towel and hung as a curtain around her shoulders and danced in the water. Her body still tingled and she felt exhausted. She was breathing deeply in and out trying to catch her breath.It had been amazing. As a child she had often thought about how sex was supposed to be, she had been prepped to have her virginity stolen by the person who paid the highest price. But this had been nothing like she could ever have thought it would be. She couldn't say if she remembered much of what they did or what happened between them. But the feelings had been overwhelmed. She had lost herself in him and at the same time, she had given him everything she could have given him. It was a moment she wanted to cherish forever, but even that moment had ended as both of them had layed down exhausted back in the water. She sighed, still trying to get her breath back. \"We should go back to our room..\" Even her voice would sound exhausted. ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "[Curtains Up!] "}, "post-84429": {"user": "Kojuro Hizashi", "user_num": 2287, "timestamp": "1534192884000", "message": "He lay in the water with his head resting on the mossy bank, Naka curled up with her head and arms on his chest as he had an arm wrapped around her, holding her close so she wouldn't go floating away. There was a smile on his face as he looked up at the stars that poked out from between the leaves. He felt content. At this moment nothing could bother him, and any worries he had were far away. Sex was always better with someone you loved, and no one had ever come close to how he felt about Naka. He couldn't truly say he had loved a woman before. In fact, he had been entirely ignorant of what the word even meant, really, before Naka had asked him in the Kiyonai tea shop whether he would put love before duty. As he lay both exhausted and exhilarated, he heard her speak and looked down. \u201cAlready?\u201d he replied. The stars were starting to fade as the sky lightened to an inky blue. There couldn't be more than an hour before dawn. \u201cDo you think we got all the benefits of the onsen yet?\u201d He felt like he could relax here for a while. \u201cAre you tired? Or \u2026\u201d maybe she was wanting to go again when they were back between clean sheets. ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "He lay in the water with his head resting on the mossy bank, Naka curled up with her head and arms on his chest as he had an arm wrapped around her, holding her close so she wouldn't go floating away. There was a smile on his face as he looked up at the stars that poked out from between the leaves. He felt content. At this moment nothing could bother him, and any worries he had were far away. Sex was always better with someone you loved, and no one had ever come close to how he felt about Naka. He couldn't truly say he had loved a woman before. In fact, he had been entirely ignorant of what the word even meant, really, before Naka had asked him in the Kiyonai tea shop whether he would put love before duty. As he lay both exhausted and exhilarated, he heard her speak and looked down. \u201cAlready?\u201d he replied. The stars were starting to fade as the sky lightened to an inky blue. There couldn't be more than an hour before dawn. \u201cDo you think we got all the benefits of the onsen yet?\u201d He felt like he could relax here for a while. \u201cAre you tired? Or \u2026\u201d maybe she was wanting to go again when they were back between clean sheets. "}, "post-84483": {"user": "Nakatani", "user_num": 426, "timestamp": "1534444222000", "message": "She splashed a bit of water into Kojuro's face when he seemed to be teasing her, a blush appearing on her face. \"Yes.. I am tired...\" she admitted. She then turned herself around in the water so she could look at his face. \"We can still enjoy the onsen the rest of the day after we wake up.\" she smiled and gave him a small quick kiss. After that she started to water walk to the other side of the pool where they could get out of the warm water, taking Kojuro's hand and taking him along if he choose to do so. As soon as she stepped out, goosebumps appeared on her skin as the cold night air kissed every bit of her body. She shivered and wrung out the small towel that had fallen out of her hair and into the water. She wiped her face clean from the sweat that had formed there. \"I will see you in our room?\" She smiled sweetly to Kojuro while she asked him. If he agreed she would make her way towards the locker room to get in a warm gown as soon as she could. ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "She splashed a bit of water into Kojuro's face when he seemed to be teasing her, a blush appearing on her face. \"Yes.. I am tired...\" she admitted. She then turned herself around in the water so she could look at his face. \"We can still enjoy the onsen the rest of the day after we wake up.\" she smiled and gave him a small quick kiss. "}, "post-84495": {"user": "Kojuro Hizashi", "user_num": 2287, "timestamp": "1534453840000", "message": "He laughed, \u201cI'm tired too, and the onsen will still be here tomorrow.\u201d He returned her kiss, and then went with her across the bottom of the pool to the near edge. Before she stepped back out onto the veranda, she would a slight pull on her hand as he quickly pulled her into one last embrace among the steam, before prying eyes and single sex changing rooms would separate them. He watched her step from the pool, like a water goddess taking mortal form to walk on land, and made his way back to retreive his towel where he had left it on the bank. He put it back around his shoulders once more, before walking naked back towards the building. Clean and mostly dry, he made his way back to the room, sliding the door open a small way first, in case Nakatani was in there getting changed, before slipping inside and closing the door firmly behind him. The lanterns still illuminated the room softly, and dawn light was just beginning to give a golden glow to the paper windows. Just the sight of the warm, fluffy futons and quilts made him feel tired and a large yawn broke free as he stretched, then lay himself down on the bed, looking like nothing so much as a contented cat, the only thing missing being Nakatani beside him. ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "He laughed, \u201cI'm tired too, and the onsen will still be here tomorrow.\u201d He returned her kiss, and then went with her across the bottom of the pool to the near edge. Before she stepped back out onto the veranda, she would a slight pull on her hand as he quickly pulled her into one last embrace among the steam, before prying eyes and single sex changing rooms would separate them. He watched her step from the pool, like a water goddess taking mortal form to walk on land, and made his way back to retreive his towel where he had left it on the bank. He put it back around his shoulders once more, before walking naked back towards the building. "}, "post-84541": {"user": "Nakatani", "user_num": 426, "timestamp": "1534856296000", "message": "When Nakatani left the changing rooms she already felt a little bit less exhausted then she had before. Her long hair was damp and hung over one shoulder and she was dressed in a warm and soft gown that hugged her body. She too slid the door of the room open slowly, smiling when she saw that Kojuro was already in there. She couldn't help but laugh slightly at the way he was laying down. It was almost as if he had fallen over and just decided he would stay there. She closed the door behind her and sat down on her knees beside them. \"And here I thought I was the one too tired to remain in the onsen.\" she played with his hair, her fingers gliding through them as they were still soft and clean from their time in the water. ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "When Nakatani left the changing rooms she already felt a little bit less exhausted then she had before. Her long hair was damp and hung over one shoulder and she was dressed in a warm and soft gown that hugged her body. "}, "post-84549": {"user": "Kojuro Hizashi", "user_num": 2287, "timestamp": "1534881179000", "message": "He was already halfway towards sleep when Nakatani came into the room and knelt beside him, the clean scent of her drawing him back towards wakefulness as she came closer. He half-opened his eyes as she started to play with his hair. She would find it still damp, though not quite dripping as she ran her hands through it. \u201cMm...\u201d he replied sleepily, \u201cCome and lie down here,\u201d he patted the futon beside him. He longed to feel her warm in his arms under the covers. She'd sat by his bedside too many times while he was injured, now he wanted her in the bed with him. Wether they stayed awake or just went to sleep in each others arms he didn't mind. He opened one eye fully to look at her. \u201cIf you're tired, it makes more sense if you're lying down...\u201d he said with a cheeky smile, reaching up for her arm and very gently easing her hand free of his hair. He kissed her on the inside of the wrist as he breathed in her scent. ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "He was already halfway towards sleep when Nakatani came into the room and knelt beside him, the clean scent of her drawing him back towards wakefulness as she came closer. He half-opened his eyes as she started to play with his hair. She would find it still damp, though not quite dripping as she ran her hands through it. \u201cMm...\u201d he replied sleepily, \u201cCome and lie down here,\u201d he patted the futon beside him. He longed to feel her warm in his arms under the covers. She'd sat by his bedside too many times while he was injured, now he wanted her in the bed with him. Wether they stayed awake or just went to sleep in each others arms he didn't mind. He opened one eye fully to look at her. \u201cIf you're tired, it makes more sense if you're lying down...\u201d he said with a cheeky smile, reaching up for her arm and very gently easing her hand free of his hair. He kissed her on the inside of the wrist as he breathed in her scent. "}}