{"post-77400": {"user": "The Isran Empire", "user_num": 1310, "timestamp": "1515184042000", "message": "This thread represents The Oculus Solis Arena as it exists for the first exhibition match organized by The Empress Naoki, featuring Jun of the Celadine  vs. Daedalus. The fighting area is an open, circular expanse of imported sand one hundred meters across. A keen eye might notice a slight shimmering \u2014 a magical barrier is in place between the arena and the stands to protect the spectators. Competitors enter through entry tunnels on the east and west sides. They are expected to make their entrances, approach the center, perhaps shake hands with their opponent, and await the mark of the match official to begin their fight.", "link_list": ["http://thefantasysandbox.boards.net/thread/1685/oculus-solis-arena", "http://thefantasysandbox.boards.net/thread/2968/announcing-exhibition-match-jun-daedalus", "/user/607", "/user/108", "/user/1909", "http://i.imgur.com/bTBNZbp.png"], "image_list": ["http://i.imgur.com/bTBNZbp.png"], "html": "This thread represents "}, "post-77479": {"user": "Jun of the Celadine", "user_num": 108, "timestamp": "1515308943000", "message": "Alright, here goes nothing.An upbeat, relatively small-framed young brunettte side-step galloped onto the battlefield. She wanted to convey her enthusiasm to the crowd, and she waved gleefully with one hand at all the spectators on one end. Then she quickly turned around and waved at the others.Big smile. Biiiig smile.She was wearing an emerald, thigh-length gambeson of a thick cloth, clearly designed to take some damage. On top was a lamellar brigandine, pauldron, gauntlets, and tassets, all of verdant hue. Her not-waving cheerfully hand held a barbuta helmet that appeared to be made of  shimmering brass-like material with a white pattern-weld.On a strap around her waist hung a glimmering brass-like shield with an sapphire orb inset in the middle. Holstered was what appeared to  be a sky blue shortsword.\u00a0Jun brushed some hair out of her eyes and started strapping on her helmet, which had a coif already tied inside. This took only a few seconds. When she was done she gave the crowd a thumbs up. (A little birdie told her that the crowd might want to get a\u00a0 good look at her olive face first.)She then looked around excitedly to see her opponent. After all, at least eighty percent of the enthusiasm she demonstrated was genuine.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "<i>Alright, here goes nothing.</i>"}, "post-77590": {"user": "Daedalus", "user_num": 1909, "timestamp": "1515380918000", "message": "What went through Daedalus' mind the moment before he entered the arena was not a single thing, but many. He thought about his recent studies, what he had eaten that morning and how his toast was just a little more burnt than usual. His mind wandered often as he could focus on many things at once, but soon all of his thoughts quieted, focusing in on the task at hand.\u00a0He supposed the first step was to enter the arena then, so he did that. He walked out, calm and collected. He thought perhaps he should wave at the crowd or something, but there was no point in that, at least as far as it pertained to the actual competition, the crowd possibly cheering against him didn't faze\u00a0him all that much - but then again, he knew the purpose of this was to entertain, so maybe it would be better.The young Minister of Magic put on a dazzling smile then, raising his hand to wave at the crowd. He wore regular clothing out into the arena, attire which seem altogether not fit for battle, but this was just part of the pre-fight spectacle he had planned after all.\u00a0As he approached Jun, he would offer her a small nod in greeting, \"May the best combatant win!\"\u00a0He then began, channeling mana into his hands as he held them out in front of him. With a few chanted words under his breath, the glowing orbs of blue mana coalesced in front of his palms began to flow inward, up his arms and over his chest and up over his head as well as down his legs before wrapping around his feet. The mana glowed brightly, obscuring his entire form in a bright blue light before dissipating. Left behind was the proper attire for the occasion.\u00a0He now wore a shining golden breastplate - engraved at its center was the shining sun of Isra. In the crook of his arm, he held a similarly\u00a0golden helm, open-faced with a crest of horse hair dyed red along the top. At his waist was a golden long-sword and flowing at his back a red cape.\u00a0He wore lighter armor made of chainmail on his arms and legs, with leather boots and gloves.\u00a0Daedalus finally took the helm and slid it onto his head, and he was now ready for battle.\u00a0", "link_list": ["http://windlass.com/wp-content/themes/windlass/product-imagery/helmets-and-armor/greco-roman-red-crest-helmet/greco-roman-red-crest-helmet-1.jpg"], "image_list": [], "html": "What went through Daedalus' mind the moment before he entered the arena was not a single thing, but many. He thought about his recent studies, what he had eaten that morning and how his toast was just a little more burnt than usual. His mind wandered often as he could focus on many things at once, but soon all of his thoughts quieted, focusing in on the task at hand.\u00a0"}, "post-77722": {"user": "Jun of the Celadine", "user_num": 108, "timestamp": "1515548007000", "message": "Jun smirked when she sees Daedalus up close. Heh, good-looking guy. A twinge of insecurity shot through her throat when she saw that he isn't armored, and she wondered for a second if she overprepared for the match. In that regard, his dazzling smile was a relief, even more so after he got through bathing himself in his golden gallantry. Of course, now her thoughts shifted to what it would take to penetrate that armor like a sword through a can of anchovies. Her smirk went from flirty to devilish.(\"May the best combatant win!\")\"Backatcha. Don't go easy on me just because I'm not as shiny as you.\" She winked.She took a couple of steps back and drew the sky blue sword, its luster glimmering prominently in the light. She also removed her buckler from her waist and held it out in front of her with her left. Then she took her sword and held it behind the buckler so that the point was underneath her armpit. Her right foot was forward, her left was back, and her body seemed to tighten like a spring.(\"Talent verses experience! New verses old! The match you didn't know wanted until you saw it!\")Did he just call me old? What the- nevermind.(\"Begin!\")The purpose of her stance suddenly became clear as the air around her changed. It was as if the heat of her surroundings was being magnetically drawn into her chest area, and a violent aura of miraging air enveloped her torso. The air shrieked with danger as mana energy rapidly built up around her chest area. Her weapon, shield, and torso started to\u00a0glow. But her stance kept everything tight so it was impossible to determine what sort of attack she was planning to launch. Her fame meant that there were several signature opening moves Daedalus could anticipate, involving her sword, shield, or body. But it would not be clear what was the focus since everything was grouped together, in a stance that also seemed well equipped at counter-attacking no less.Jun knew little about Daedelus, but reasoned that he would probably do his homework on her in case they fought. Hence she resolved from the very opening half second she would be ready for anything.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Jun smirked when she sees Daedalus up close. "}, "post-77738": {"user": "Daedalus", "user_num": 1909, "timestamp": "1515559401000", "message": "\"As you wish,\" Daedalus said, a smirk of his own creeping across his face. His golden gaze was piercing as he looked across the arena at Jun, the ever-present\u00a0glow in his eyes growing in intensity as he gathered mana himself. Already he could feel her pulling mana from the nearby area, the siphoning presence feeling much like a current of water rushing towards her, in a magical sense. Soon, Daedalus' own tide would begin to play a part, leading to a subtle yet intense battle going on between them, invisible to the eye and most likely overlooked by those spectating. Soon they will get their flashy spells as they came here to see, however.\u00a0He did not make a move to draw his sword yet, but would focus on drawing more mana, holding his palms out to his side as he gathered more energy. Soon he was gathering so much so quickly, the mana could be visibly seen in the air, flowing into his palms into two glowing blue streams from his surroundings.A moment later, the streams of mana were cut off by clenched fists. A short incantation and the energy was released then.It began with a heavy icy cloud of mist that expanded quickly across the arena floor from Daedalus, forming a thick icy mist cloud that reached up about three inches and completely obscured the sandy floor of the Oculus\u00a0Solis Arena. The air temperature dropped\u00a0dramatically in that moment as well.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "\"As you wish,\" Daedalus said, a smirk of his own creeping across his face. His golden gaze was piercing as he looked across the arena at Jun, the ever-present\u00a0glow in his eyes growing in intensity as he gathered mana himself. Already he could feel her pulling mana from the nearby area, the siphoning presence feeling much like a current of water rushing towards her, in a magical sense. Soon, Daedalus' own tide would begin to play a part, leading to a subtle yet intense battle going on between them, invisible to the eye and most likely overlooked by those spectating. Soon they will get their flashy spells as they came here to see, however.\u00a0"}, "post-77744": {"user": "Jun of the Celadine", "user_num": 108, "timestamp": "1515562523000", "message": "The tug of war of energy recruitment was not long on Jun, nor was Daedalus' attempt to take control of the terrain.Keep the ground then.The energy Jun had gathered had been focused on her chest, and as Daedalus' spell propagated so too did Jun's. It exploded from her heart and reached out to the rest of her limbs in the form of a white, quartz-like material. But unlike true rock, this material was both solid and malleable. In just a second, her entire body was encased and protected in a floating construct of light.But this wasn't a usual construct, not some mundane golem. Instead, its core, which temporarily housed Jun's entire body, was a glittering octohedron. Her silhouette was visible and still in a defensive position even inside. Extending from three points of the floating structure were tendrils of white light. Approximately ten meters long each, the tendrils tapered into sharp points at the ends.The structure hummed as it floated above the icy floor. Then, it lurched straight towards Daedalus. Two of the long tendrils stretched outwards as if they wanted to give Daedalus a biiiiiiiig\u00a0hug. The third stretched up above to help cut off Daedalus' escape.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "The tug of war of energy recruitment was not long on Jun, nor was Daedalus' attempt to take control of the terrain."}, "post-77746": {"user": "Daedalus", "user_num": 1909, "timestamp": "1515566342000", "message": "Daedalus' spell had not yet completely come to fruition, as the icy mist used only a fraction of the magical power he had gathered. The icy mist was just the beginning, and the most substantial part of the icy spell was yet to come.\u00a0The archmage\u00a0remained perfectly still even as the tendrils of pointy light sped towards him as a moment later huge spires of ice erupted from the ground surrounding him, their crystalline points rising towards the sky as the massive iciles\u00a0emerged more from the ground blocking the tendrils of light that attacked Daedalus, even covering the approach from above. The creaking sound of water in the air freezing into solid ice was almost deafening\u00a0as the huge crystals formed larger and larger, reaching at least thirty feet tall.\u00a0Many smaller crystalline ice spikes would then spread, tearing their way across the ice mist covered ground towards Jun to try and pierce her construct as they spread.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "<div style=\"text-align:center;\"><iframe allowfullscreen=\"1\" frameborder=\"0\" height=\"349\" src=\"//www.youtube.com/embed/pZbD8zrJVfY?wmode=transparent&amp;start=0\" title=\"YouTube video player\" width=\"560\"></iframe><br><br/><div style=\"text-align:left;\">Daedalus' spell had not yet completely come to fruition, as the icy mist used only a fraction of the magical power he had gathered. The icy mist was just the beginning, and the most substantial part of the icy spell was yet to come.\u00a0<br/><br/>The archmage\u00a0remained perfectly still even as the tendrils of pointy light sped towards him as a moment later huge spires of ice erupted from the ground surrounding him, their crystalline points rising towards the sky as the massive iciles\u00a0emerged more from the ground blocking the tendrils of light that attacked Daedalus, even covering the approach from above. The creaking sound of water in the air freezing into solid ice was almost deafening\u00a0as the huge crystals formed larger and larger, reaching at least thirty feet tall.\u00a0<br/><br/>Many smaller crystalline ice spikes would then spread, tearing their way across the ice mist covered ground towards Jun to try and pierce her construct as they spread.</div></br></div>"}, "post-77748": {"user": "Jun of the Celadine", "user_num": 108, "timestamp": "1515568536000", "message": "Jun's light construct tendrils slammed against the ice spires with loud, dull thuds which were audible throughout the arena. She backed off, feeling the intense impact of the solid wall. The structure floated back and rose up into the air to avoid most of the spikes. Octohedrons are notoriously strong shapes, and even a direct hit onto the structure was almost guaranteed to be mitigated by the structure's sloping walls, bouncing it away instead of piercing it. Not that the structure was indestructible, but like most gemstones, sharp pointy things were usually not the answer.Still, the sheer power and volume of Daedalus' spell was troubling. The ice aura had covered the entire field in such a short amount of time. And during their tug of war, Jun got the distinct impression that he too could absorb heat energy from his surroundings, suggesting that fire might actually make the spell stong-Jun got a hilarious idea.As the octohedron floated back, one of its tendrils quickly reached into its core and seemed to phase through, touching her silhouette for just a moment before pulling itself back out and extracting what looked like a golden disc with a blue gem in the middle. It was Jun's buckler.The tendril hurled the metal object straight into the air just above Daedalus, where hopefully it would fall, guided by the ice spikes, and conk Daedalus straight on his helmet.Of course that wasn't the only part of her plan, as evidenced by the blue gem pulsating rapidly as it flew into the sky. Daedalus would probably sense it drawing power from Jun's mana pool, assuming he saw it coming.Still, Jun really, really hoped it would conk him on the head, just for laughs.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Jun's light construct tendrils slammed against the ice spires with loud, dull thuds which were audible throughout the arena. She backed off, feeling the intense impact of the solid wall. The structure floated back and rose up into the air to avoid most of the spikes. Octohedrons are notoriously strong shapes, and even a direct hit onto the structure was almost guaranteed to be mitigated by the structure's sloping walls, bouncing it away instead of piercing it. Not that the structure was indestructible, but like most gemstones, sharp pointy things were usually not the answer."}, "post-77785": {"user": "Daedalus", "user_num": 1909, "timestamp": "1515701180000", "message": "Daedalus remained at the epicenter of the mass of ice spires, channeling more mana now. The golden disk Jun threw did not reach him, instead of landing on top of an ice crystal\u00a0that had grown to protrude over Daedalus' head previously to defend from the tendril that was above him. As he began channeling mana, a blue glow could be seen within the mass of ice crystals, signaling his gathering of more magical power. As Daedalus did this, the ice crystals also stopped growing towards Jun to try and pierce her protective shell.\u00a0The mass of ice soon began to move, however, and various runes could be seen flitting through the interior of the crystalline spires of ice as they were infused with mana. The ice began to change shape and growing more ice even. A dense cloud of ice fog accompanied this changing form, soon obscuring it from view as it began to shapeshift even more. Jun would not be able to see exactly what form the ice was taking now, but the golden disk she had thrown would soon be thrown back, flying out of the icy fog.\u00a0A pair of glowing orbs would then become visible in that thick white fog, piercing glowing blue lights like eyes of some mysterious monster peering out from the icy mist.\u00a0", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Daedalus remained at the epicenter of the mass of ice spires, channeling more mana now. The golden disk Jun threw did not reach him, instead of landing on top of an ice crystal\u00a0that had grown to protrude over Daedalus' head previously to defend from the tendril that was above him. As he began channeling mana, a blue glow could be seen within the mass of ice crystals, signaling his gathering of more magical power. As Daedalus did this, the ice crystals also stopped growing towards Jun to try and pierce her protective shell.\u00a0"}, "post-77798": {"user": "Jun of the Celadine", "user_num": 108, "timestamp": "1515706769000", "message": "This is gonna be so good.The fact that the buckler even got close to Daedalus was enough. Like a bomb with a flickering timer, the buckler's gem went off just as it was going to be thrown back.BAWOOSH!An explosive torrent of water rushed out of the gem, as if it was manifesting an oversized, ethereal fire hydrant in midair. The buckler seemed to have a mind of its own now, as it held fast to the air and attempted to douse Daedalus with what would eventually amount to an olympic-swimming pool's worth of water!Jun reasoned that Daedalus' spell was designed to convert as much moisture in the atmosphere as possible into ice, and that it could appropriate ambient energy in order to do so. Thus in order to weaken the spell, she would have to force it to do more work. And freezing a massive amount of water suddenly in a short time frame to prevent Daedalus from being drowned from above (or at least save him the hypothermia of being soaked while surrounded by ice) would be the perfect way to weaken the spell. The best part was, even if the water was all frozen, it would contaminate his spell with ice that was laced with Jun's mana. All of his ice would be infected with ice owned by Jun, which would prove problematic to him as the fight dragged on.Jun's light construct was beginning to weaken. But that was alright. Her silhouette was just visible to the audience. It appeared to be in a meditative state. The tendrils were beginning to withdraw back into the octohedron to conserve the spell's power, as light started to absorb back into her body. Between preparing for her next attack and influencing Daedalus ice, she felt confident enough to meet the next challenge Daedalus would present her.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "<i><iframe allowfullscreen=\"1\" frameborder=\"0\" height=\"349\" src=\"//www.youtube.com/embed/oGUGQRKygp4?wmode=transparent&amp;start=0\" title=\"YouTube video player\" width=\"560\"></iframe><br><br/>This is gonna be so good.</br></i>"}, "post-78102": {"user": "Daedalus", "user_num": 1909, "timestamp": "1516074513000", "message": "As the large torrent of water fell into the obscuring icy mist, it blew it all away by simply displacing it with the massive amount of water present. The water would just wash down, spreading out across the floor of the arena, however, instead of freezing.\u00a0Revealed from inside the mist was a massive dragon, constructed from ice and magic. Daedalus was in the dragon's core, surrounded by a thick casing of ice in the dragon's chest. Apparently, he had thought of the cold that would result from the ice needed for this spell ahead of time and worked in a countermeasure against such things when devising this spell, because\u00a0he seemed completely fine.The dragon, otherwise unobstructed by the water Jun had summoned and composed completely of the ice Daedalus had summoned forth previously, would now attack. It let out a loud roar, the sound sounding much like a normal dragon's roar but with some icy undertones, like icicles\u00a0shattering. Then, it shot a light blue beam attack that froze anything it touched at Jun and her construct.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "As the large torrent of water fell into the obscuring icy mist, it blew it all away by simply displacing it with the massive amount of water present. The water would just wash down, spreading out across the floor of the arena, however, instead of freezing.\u00a0"}, "post-78109": {"user": "Jun of the Celadine", "user_num": 108, "timestamp": "1516080040000", "message": "Jun's water had one last surprise in it. As it cascaded down upon the dragon, it didn't exactly hit the ground.The buckler remained affixed above the dragon, serving as a core for a large, floating mass of water. Laced with Jun's mana, the water had developed the impetus to protect Jun from harm. Although it wasn't nearly as voluminous as the dragon, it was enough to encase the creature's neck while maintaining tendrils and protrusions all over its shimmering surface. As the dragon prepared to launch its attack, the water would hold fast to the dragon's neck and wrench to the side in order to derail the beam. Even as this was happening, tendrils of water started to extend menacingly towards the creature's mouth.The light construct shifted in the opposite direction to ensure that Jun would not be hit by the beam. This also carried her away from any lingering pernicious effects hidden in the ice spires left behind near her. The last of the construct's energy was absorbed into Jun's sky blue sword just as she descended on the ground. She hit the dirt with a thud, holding up her weapon, which glimmered violently. She seemed to have it aimed at the mass of water which was assaulting the dragon. She leered at the beast, seemingly unconcerned that she was now exposed.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Jun's water had one last surprise in it. As it cascaded down upon the dragon, it didn't exactly hit the ground."}, "post-78290": {"user": "Daedalus", "user_num": 1909, "timestamp": "1516296936000", "message": "The beam was thrown off target by the tug from the rope-like tendril of water wrapped around its neck, the beam would hit the walls surrounding the sandy center of the arena, freezing the wall in a solid sheet of ice before veering upwards and hitting the wards that protected the crowds above. The reaction between the two spells would leave a momentary shimmering effect as the beam was seemingly halted mid-air.\u00a0Closing its mouth now, and cutting off entry from any of the tendrils, the ice dragon dug its claws into the sand and then began surging forward despite the tendrils of water. It's large mass and solidity along with Daedalus' proximity within the dragon as opposed to the distance from which Jun controlled her water would make for a difficult to halt advance towards Jun. The dragon would lunge at Jun, sweeping its huge claws in a wide arc across a large area of the arena where Jun stood.The icy claws of the dragon were so frigid that the sweeping motion would leave behind an icy breath of fog, as surrounding water in the air momentarily froze. Similarly, Jun's water also froze in small amounts when it contacted the dragon, though this relatively small amount frozen water would be quickly assimilated into the ice dragon and 'taken over' by Daedalus' mana, forcing Jun's outward.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "The beam was thrown off target by the tug from the rope-like tendril of water wrapped around its neck, the beam would hit the walls surrounding the sandy center of the arena, freezing the wall in a solid sheet of ice before veering upwards and hitting the wards that protected the crowds above. The reaction between the two spells would leave a momentary shimmering effect as the beam was seemingly halted mid-air.\u00a0"}, "post-78298": {"user": "Jun of the Celadine", "user_num": 108, "timestamp": "1516307810000", "message": "Jun noticed that her water was beginning to freeze even while its breath was sent off course, and that she felt no resulting bond with the ice. Then the dragon attempted to leap forward...With a sweep of her opposite hand, she relinquished her mana from all the water and drew that mana into her body, where it would conduct its way through her and into her glimmering sword.All the water would suddenly cascade down onto the dragon's body. It was no longer Jun's water, but just water, meaning that Daedalus' mana would have nothing to fight against as it sought to freeze the water and appropriate the ice for itself. The water would drench its mouth and limbs and freeze much more quickly. The unexpected lack of resistance would catch Daedalus' dragon off guard, like a wrestler unexpectedly moving with the opponent's force rather than against it. The water would now freeze much more quickly.Numerous problems would arise for the dragon. The water would potentially form an icy cast around its neck, joints of its legs, and claws, which was bad news for a dragon trying to run at full gallop. Even if the dragon was strong enough to break the ice, the unexpected clog in its motion in the form of jagged ice crystals around its elbows and knees would likely cause the dragon to trip and fall. The sheer weight of the water suddenly crashing down on it might shift its center of gravity forward, possibly sending the dragon careening into the ground as it attempted to leap. If nothing else, its impossibly fridged claws would suddenly freeze the water running down it to the ground, perhaps sticking it to the dirt, or even creating a frozen glove which wouldn't have the same traction against the now muddy sand as its regular claws would.It was unlikely that all of these complications would arise simultaneously, but really Jun only needed one or two to be a factor to buy her that extra second.And during that extra second Jun would aim the point of her sword straight at the dragon's core. The sword would glow even more violently with the extra time to build up power and the energy taken from the water. Jun's aura suddenly flared out, bathing her surroundings in an ominous orange glow. The sword would no longer appear sky blue, but rather a molten red. Sparks of mana would crackle around it like lightning bolts as Jun took aim...", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Jun noticed that her water was beginning to freeze even while its breath was sent off course, and that she felt no resulting bond with the ice. Then the dragon attempted to leap forward..."}, "post-78641": {"user": "Daedalus", "user_num": 1909, "timestamp": "1516640690000", "message": "With the huge amount of water now available to the dragon it would indeed begin freezing the water, incorporating it into the dragon's form. Even in a full-tilt charge as the dragon was now it was able to do this with utmost efficiency, the runic magic within its icy limbs and body flaring violently blue as it quickly converted the water into ice.Jun perhaps underestimated the speed at which the water could be frozen and rearranged into an appropriate manner onto the dragon as it grew quickly in size as it advanced, showing no signs of freezing water in a way that could possibly hinder itself, only in a way that added more mass and size to the dragon. The dragon seemed to handle this problem by having a hard-cap on exactly how much water it would freeze in a certain amount of time onto itself, revealing another layer to the complexity of Daedalus' spell, as with magic the very laws of nature could be bent to ones will.This also resulted in the rest of the water that couldn't be frozen immediately to cascade to the ground, which indeed did muddy up the floor of the arena and slow the now much larger dragon's advance a bit, but it would still reach Jun quite soon.\u00a0", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "With the huge amount of water now available to the dragon it would indeed begin freezing the water, incorporating it into the dragon's form. Even in a full-tilt charge as the dragon was now it was able to do this with utmost efficiency, the runic magic within its icy limbs and body flaring violently blue as it quickly converted the water into ice."}, "post-78647": {"user": "Jun of the Celadine", "user_num": 108, "timestamp": "1516648027000", "message": "Jun would accept the consequences of making the dragon stronger as it barreled towards her.Just as it reached her, Jun's body ignited in a blaze of flames. The torrent of plasma roared as she rocketed forward towards Daedelus' dragon feet like a meteor. The flames would cause little damage to Jun herself and would help protect her against the dragon's icy magic as they sped her forward. Her blazing hot blade would collide with the dragon's leg. If it was regular ice, it would have sliced right through, leaving a deep gash, and the intense heat would have flash melted the ice around the cut, resulting in an explosion of steam. If for some reason the ice resisted the attack, Jun's blade would bounce off, but it wouldn't affect her overall trajectory; she would come to a skidding halt in the muddy sand where Daedalus had once been.The intense heat given off by Jun's body would vaporize the water in the sand, creating a billowing steam cloud all around her. She would use it as cover as she quickly deposited a magic scroll in the sand and strafed sideways. The scroll would unfurl, and the glyphs which were drawn into it would start glowing faintly, though they would not be visible in the cloud of steam.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Jun would accept the consequences of making the dragon stronger as it barreled towards her."}, "post-78862": {"user": "Daedalus", "user_num": 1909, "timestamp": "1516938573000", "message": "The dragon's leg would be successfully sliced off, the water steaming as it was flash melted by the hot blade slicing through it. The dragon would trip do to it's missing leg and fall.\u00a0It seemed this ice dragon wasn't working, Daedalus noted. It was not very efficient in fight a smaller faster foe like Jun, or even hitting her. with a crack, the ice dragon began to crumble, and Daedalus drew in as much mana as he could from the spell to preserve his energy. Soon the ice melted away too as he drew the magical energy out of it.\u00a0Daedalus' ward would indicate he took a minor amount of damage, the red bar filling up to his ankles now, perhaps from channeling so much magic as it indicated the small amount of fatigue it caused him, as after all if he grew too fatigued he would not be able to fight and thus be defeated.\u00a0The melted water from the dragon would begin to spread across the sandy field now, not sinking into the sand but forming a small puddle a few inches deep as Daedalus formed various hand signs and chanted some magical words. The water's surface shimmered with hundreds of bluish runes as he continued chanting, the water becoming infused with mana...", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "The dragon's leg would be successfully sliced off, the water steaming as it was flash melted by the hot blade slicing through it. The dragon would trip do to it's missing leg and fall.\u00a0"}, "post-78954": {"user": "Jun of the Celadine", "user_num": 108, "timestamp": "1517160191000", "message": "As the curtain of steam rose up and dissipated, Jun appeared facing Daedalus in an en guard stance. Flames continued to lick her sword and body without consuming her.She was breathing deeply. Her ward showed a similar level of damage around her boots, although it was somewhat obscured by her flames. She had a very good idea of what she was up against now.\"You know, I wouldn't be embarrassed to lose to you! Hope the feeling's mutual!\" She called out to Daedalus while waiting for the water to reach a certain point. She had been planning to use her own water for the trap later on, but as the melted water from the dragon once again threatened to change the battlefield, she knew she had no choice. The second the puddle came near enough to her scroll, she snapped her fingers.The scroll disintegrated, replaced by a ball of pale blue light. The ball burst a fraction of a second later into dozens of great arcs of lightning, dancing and interplaying as a great dynamic web. The great basket of electrical arcs then blitzkrieged along the water towards Daedalus, burning zigzagging trails of steam into the pool as they traveled along.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "As the curtain of steam rose up and dissipated, Jun appeared facing Daedalus in an en guard stance. Flames continued to lick her sword and body without consuming her."}, "post-79062": {"user": "Daedalus", "user_num": 1909, "timestamp": "1517346915000", "message": "The water surrounding Daedalus shimmered violently with the electrical energy of the arcing lightning, the water sizzling and vaporizing into the air as the bolts ripped across its surface towards him. Daedalus, however, remained calm, tranquil even, making no move as the lightning arced towards him, the millions of volts of certain death barreling towards him seemingly of no concern.The steam obscured his position before the bolts of lightning would have connected, the entire time he had continued channeling magic and forming various runes in the air and water around him, up until the very last moment when the lightning struck him...Or did it? As the devastation of the lightning bolts faded and the steam dissipated, Jun would find nothing in its wake. No Daedalus stood there anymore, nor any trace of as if the lightning bolts zapped him into non-existence.\u00a0Yet the fight was not over yet, he was still present somewhere within the arena, but where exactly?", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "The water surrounding Daedalus shimmered violently with the electrical energy of the arcing lightning, the water sizzling and vaporizing into the air as the bolts ripped across its surface towards him. Daedalus, however, remained calm, tranquil even, making no move as the lightning arced towards him, the millions of volts of certain death barreling towards him seemingly of no concern."}, "post-79139": {"user": "Jun of the Celadine", "user_num": 108, "timestamp": "1517505000000", "message": "Jun growled, increasingly frustrated that her attempts to outsmart Daedalus were less than successful. But she wasn't about to lose confidence in her analytical skills just yet. She at least knew that after solid and liquid, the third state of matter was gas.She thrust her sword to the side. The last of her flames burst outward in a pulse of thin flaming ribbons and hot air. After dismissing her flame cloak, she waved her free hand theatrically over the battlefield and then brought the cloth of her armor's inner elbow over her nose and lips. Then she started backing away, her eyes darting around for any sign of Daedalus' presence, the tenseness of her chest scanning for any unusual mana signature around her.After waving her hand, the sand at her feet would begin to swirl around her feet and rise higher and higher. The air howled as if beckoning Daedalus to bring it on.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Jun growled, increasingly frustrated that her attempts to outsmart Daedalus were less than successful. But she wasn't about to lose confidence in her analytical skills just yet. She at least knew that after solid and liquid, the third state of matter was gas."}, "post-79208": {"user": "Daedalus", "user_num": 1909, "timestamp": "1517608453000", "message": "Daedalus would not reveal himself as of yet, though Jun might notice something peculiar as she began to feel for his mana signature. As she scanned around the arena she would find not one, but multiple mana signatures, each of them exactly identical and appearing as Daedalus.\u00a0Physically, all of the areas these mana signatures occupied would be just open air, perhaps hinting towards some sort of cloaking spell or illusion magic. Either way, Daedalus had gone into hiding for now after Jun's last attack, perhaps to consolidate his power in preparation for an attack.This could be confirmed as Jun could feel mana being drained from the environment through the various mana signatures, each of them acting as a conduit to channel mana. There were four such signatures in total, each one near the edge of the arena at each cardinal direction - north, east, south, and west.The water beneath Jun would now become animated\u00a0a spiral of water suddenly drilling up near her and shooting towards her, it's pointy tipping probably looking to pierce through her.\u00a0", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Daedalus would not reveal himself as of yet, though Jun might notice something peculiar as she began to feel for his mana signature. As she scanned around the arena she would find not one, but multiple mana signatures, each of them exactly identical and appearing as Daedalus.\u00a0"}, "post-79262": {"user": "Jun of the Celadine", "user_num": 108, "timestamp": "1517698930000", "message": "Aside from a brief sense of validation for investing in extra groin protection in the armor (due to an unfortunate mishap in a previous mission), Jun stayed calm. Just as Daedalus had warded his armor against cold, Jun's helmet had been blessed to mitigate a single spell. The water drill at her feet would struggle to pierce through an invisible wall, slowing it down just enough for the swirling mass of sand around her to increase in power and volume and then thrash the water away.The air that roared around Jun wasn't mana influencing the air itself, but a violent torrent of mana which pulled at the sand beneath their feet upwards like a siphon; it just happened to be powerful enough to influence the air around her. The longer she focused, the more sand would ally itself with her and the greater her sphere of influence would grow.Jun sensed the multiple mana signatures from Daedalus. She hardly cared anymore. She was sick and tired of trying to outsmart Daedalus, trying to find the weaknesses in his stratagems. She resolved to instead beat him at his own game. If her mouth was uncovered it'd be bellowing. It would take more than a prodigy to beat her!", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Aside from a brief sense of validation for investing in extra groin protection in the armor (due to an unfortunate mishap in a previous mission), Jun stayed calm. Just as Daedalus had warded his armor against cold, Jun's helmet had been blessed to mitigate a single spell. The water drill at her feet would struggle to pierce through an invisible wall, slowing it down just enough for the swirling mass of sand around her to increase in power and volume and then thrash the water away."}, "post-79657": {"user": "Daedalus", "user_num": 1909, "timestamp": "1518382959000", "message": "The sandstorm brewed, yet nothing seemed to come just yet. The water in the arena began to drain away after a time, the mana signatures of Daedalus still present in their previous locations.\u00a0Then suddenly, a bright blue flash of mana appeared in front of Jun, Daedalus appearing from it. His ward indicated he had taken a significant bit of damage since Jun last saw him as the ward's red coloration extended all the way up to his waist now.Fingertips pressed together to start, he drew his hands outwards, a line of runes inscribing themselves in the air before them glowing violently red a moment before the beam of red energy shot from them. The high energy magical attack would zip towards Jun then, tearing through the air and sand easily on its way to Jun. It would incinerate anything in its path, leaving only ashes behind.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "The sandstorm brewed, yet nothing seemed to come just yet. The water in the arena began to drain away after a time, the mana signatures of Daedalus still present in their previous locations.\u00a0"}, "post-79710": {"user": "Jun of the Celadine", "user_num": 108, "timestamp": "1518568032000", "message": "By now there was so much sand around her that it almost formed a solid dome. As soon as Daedalus appeared his armor would clang heavily with chunks of sand. The great sand cloud would react by surging forward, a great amorphous mass which from the audience perspective would look like a giant brown amoeba about to swallow its prey.Jun was prepared for many things. She was ready to fight a second ice dragon. She was ready to deal with toxic water clouds which would infest her lungs and take over her brain. She was prepared to take on any wild but masterful scheme that Daedalus concocted.Somehow she was not prepared for a magical laser cannon to the face.As he fired the beam, the sand would attempt to intercept, quickly taking on the form of a swirling cone in front of her, using the momentum it had gained from trying to swallow him to instead form the appropriate shape. The beam would melt through the sand, but the sand's impetus to push against the beam would result in the hot molten glass to surge forward as a crown from the impact point, dousing Daedalus. The audience would see it almost as an erupting sideways volcano.If the beam was powerful enough it would eventually cut through and reach Jun, finishing her off, but not before Daedalus was covered in molten glass. ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "By now there was so much sand around her that it almost formed a solid dome. As soon as Daedalus appeared his armor would clang heavily with chunks of sand. The great sand cloud would react by surging forward, a great amorphous mass which from the audience perspective would look like a giant brown amoeba about to swallow its prey."}, "post-79774": {"user": "Daedalus", "user_num": 1909, "timestamp": "1518800721000", "message": "A full frontal assault was not very characteristic of the way Daedalus preferred to battle, it was true. A large magical attack such as the one he employed here was quite a crude use of magical energy against someone as skilled as Jun after all. Yet still, he went through with it, but why?For all of the red laser attacks faults, it did accomplish one thing here, it caught Jun's attention, no, demanded it. Perhaps this would distract her just enough for Daedalus' plan to come to fruition.As the laser hit the sand, turning the tiny grains to glass the four mana signatures in each corner of the arena remained and the one directly behind Jun now flared with activity ever so subtly as she dealt with the laser from the front. Then, within that swirling mass of sand and molten glass a portal opened right in front of Daedalus' laser, and the exit of said portal appeared right on the mana signature behind Jun, the red beam of magical energy now shooting out of the portal behind her even as she committed her sand forwards.\u00a0Still the molten glass surged towards Daedalus, but he had gained the tempo advantage for now, as instead of him being covered in molten glass before his laser potentially made it through and hit Jun as before, his laser would now hit Jun a good few moments before the molten glass reached him. Daedalus was completely fine with the molten glass hitting him due to the wards making this a non-lethal affair - for as long as he hit Jun first, he would be victorious.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "A full frontal assault was not very characteristic of the way Daedalus preferred to battle, it was true. A large magical attack such as the one he employed here was quite a crude use of magical energy against someone as skilled as Jun after all. Yet still, he went through with it, but why?"}, "post-79808": {"user": "Jun of the Celadine", "user_num": 108, "timestamp": "1518989442000", "message": "The sudden flare in mana alarmed Jun, and triggered flashbacks of her fight with Vigil. She didn't know how to use portals, but she was familiar with their usage in battle. They were not fun.A drilling surge of pure sand would snap to and launch into Jun's side, an attempt to knock herself out of the way of the second laser attack. This would likely result in damage to her own body, but it was better than being caught by a magical beam of death.\u00a0 She'd stagger out of the way, her eyes flailing wildly towards the other mana signatures. She would draw Resonance and rapidly build up energy for a desperate counter-measure.The molten glass would likely not be a lethal blow against Daedalus' armor, but it would cause intense heat and an irritating orange glow which might affect his ability to concentrate.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "The sudden flare in mana alarmed Jun, and triggered flashbacks of her fight with Vigil. She didn't know how to use portals, but she was familiar with their usage in battle. They were not fun."}}