{"post-59007": {"user": "Cerridwyn von Heschburg", "user_num": 1957, "timestamp": "1483419613000", "message": "(Picture coming later)Several days march from the Swavia border, hidden by dense forest, is a small cave carved mostly beneath the forest floor. It is on a triangular island formed by forks in a river. The mouth of the cave is hard to find, hidden by the root system of a fallen oak tree and bushes, indicating it had probably not been occupied for quite some time. The bushes could easily be uprooted to make enough room for a horse to pass through.The inside is not huge, but there is plenty of room to stretch out and keep a horse comfortable as well. A fire could be easily built and hard to spot from the outside as the cavern could only be reached by a twenty foot or so hall like entry. Obviously one would need to dismount first to get inside and lead their steed in.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "(Picture coming later)"}, "post-59008": {"user": "Cerridwyn von Heschburg", "user_num": 1957, "timestamp": "1483420621000", "message": "Cerri had slept for a long time, and it had seemed like she would not wake up. He had plenty of time to check her injuries since they took flight. Her throat was noticeably bruised up with finger impressions, indicating the strangulation, the back of her head had been cracked open, but luckily was not fatal... However, between that and the Magic use, she was out for at least until three days after Adrian found the cavern. The cut from the blade was healing quite nicely, and she would probably be no worse for the wear. Luckily for her, there was a gown or two she had stuffed in one of his saddle bags before they left her brother's castle, so when she woke up to find that (unless stated otherwise) she had been cleaned up and taken care of by loving hands, it startled her a little.She sat up and looked around the dimly lit chamber, figuring out she was laying on a bed roll and there was no indication of anyone else present. If Adrian was there, she would crawl over to him and curl up against him or sit against, more for comfort than anything... She was startled thus. If not, she'd stay where she was, trying to get her bearings. ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Cerri had slept for a long time, and it had seemed like she would not wake up. He had plenty of time to check her injuries since they took flight. Her throat was noticeably bruised up with finger impressions, indicating the strangulation, the back of her head had been cracked open, but luckily was not fatal... However, between that and the Magic use, she was out for at least until three days after Adrian found the cavern. The cut from the blade was healing quite nicely, and she would probably be no worse for the wear. Luckily for her, there was a gown or two she had stuffed in one of his saddle bags before they left her brother's castle, so when she woke up to find that (unless stated otherwise) she had been cleaned up and taken care of by loving hands, it startled her a little."}, "post-59015": {"user": "Adrian von Heschburg", "user_num": 643, "timestamp": "1483481350000", "message": "Adrian had Klaus and Shagger guard Cerridwyn von Heschburg within the cave, while he himself attempted to scavenge as much firewood as he could. He had fortunately run into a nice doe, which he felled with his crossbow. He returned to the cave with the wood being pulled behind his horse, and the doe's body on its rump. Inside Klaus had managed to get a fire up, albeit small, but Adrian's firewood proved a great fuel. The doe was skinned and roasted and provided a meal for the day; the excess meat was salted with what little salt the two men had. The doe's hide was fashioned into a sort of blanket, which was used to comfort Cerri. They used all they had to clean and heal Cerri's wounds, and Adrian spent most of his idle time caressing her injuries. He teared up and was an emotional wreck the whole time. He loved the woman with all his heart, and to see her like this was... heartbreaking. Adrian found a crevice further back in the cave which they used to store their cloaks and some armor, then covered it with rocks and moss. It would be hell to keep traveling in that gear, and discarding their cloaks would help keep them incognito. They looked like two mercenaries now. Shagger was hidden, but guarded the entrance of the cave; he would smell, see, or sense oncomers and alarm his master, Klaus. It was the evening when Lady Cerridwyn awoke on the third day. Adrian was tired; the doe meat might last another day, at least. He was relieved to see her moved, and cradled her head when she came over, kissing her forehead; he stroked her hair as he examined her neck and injuries. \"My love.\"  His voice was almost a whisper. The cave was cozy and warm, and the crackling of the flames was joined by the soothing sound of the river outside. Shadows flickered on the walls, painting a moving image of two lovers. \"I... I'm sorry.\"  What else was he suppose to say?  He tried thinking of what to say the past few days, but was at a loss. \"I'm sorry for everything. The poisoning... the mess with Isenbardus... taking you back to Rouviere... the Witch Hunter mess...\". Lady Cerri was truly unlucky. \"And now we're far away from luxury... just... sitting here - in a cave. And I'm sorry. I can't promise you that castle anymore... nor the garden... I've nothing to my name... I love you Cerridwyn. But I've wronged a man of the Empire. I'm a criminal. So I guess... I guess if you want me to... I can take you to the closest Imperial outpost.\"Adrian waited for her to respond. Honestly, he didn't know where to go from here. He considered joining a mercenary band under a new name, or - God forbid - joining the Barbarians!  But what of Cerri?  He finally decided to wait to see what she wanted first. Maybe by some divine miracle she would choose to stay with him: a broken man with no titles. ", "link_list": ["/user/1957"], "image_list": [], "html": "Adrian had Klaus and Shagger guard "}, "post-59020": {"user": "Cerridwyn von Heschburg", "user_num": 1957, "timestamp": "1483485071000", "message": "\"I do not care about luxury,\" she said, her vocal chords still rough. \"My father is not a good man. He is not even my father... He is evil.\" Her throat did not hurt, do she was okay to talk as long as she kept it soft like that. But she did not look at him as she spoke, for this was the first time she spoke against the man who she did not know yet had died. \"He killed my mother... I am sure of it now but never had proof. He treated me like one of the servants, not his daughter, unless in the public eye... Then he would put on a facade of goodness. I did not want to go back... The night of the ball, he sent me and the escort was told to make sure I was compromised to force !arriage to some Duke or even a prince. I did not intend to stay. But you were there and you were so wonderful... And...\" This is when she finally broke, lips trembling and tears welling up in her eyes. She took a shuddering breath as she tried to stop herself from crying, but she couldn't. \"And you were kind... More kind than I have known before. I did not want to believe you were real, Adrian. I thought you would forget about me and everything would be the way it was. But then I went home and he called me stupid... So I ran. And then I f-find out he isn't even m-my father! Everything was a gods damned lie! My life! I am a bastard child! And he never t-told me!\" She wss crying uncontrollably by that point.Dhe stopped talking for a moment as she sobbed. Cerridwyn was brokenhearted. After she could speak again, her voice was very hoarse, \"I ran again, to my hiding spot... And he c-came to me... And he finally b-broke me... And I... Only thought how m-m-much I just wanted him to pay for his d-deeds, and I d-don't know h-how it h-happened, but I almost k-killed him then j-just by wishing for the Earth t-to show wraith t-to him... And my brother found me. And then you came... He tried to kill me when I went to my room... My father... He strangled me... And I wished him dead. I am a m-monster! And you still l-love me? Y-you should have n-never b-bothered with me, I have ruined y-your life now.\"She covered her face and curled up in a ball, trying to shrink into herself. Cerri was so sure that she did not deserve his love and compassion, his kindness. ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "\"I do not care about luxury,\" she said, her vocal chords still rough. \"My father is not a good man. He is not even my father... He is evil.\" Her throat did not hurt, do she was okay to talk as long as she kept it soft like that. But she did not look at him as she spoke, for this was the first time she spoke against the man who she did not know yet had died. \"He killed my mother... I am sure of it now but never had proof. He treated me like one of the servants, not his daughter, unless in the public eye... Then he would put on a facade of goodness. I did not want to go back... The night of the ball, he sent me and the escort was told to make sure I was compromised to force !arriage to some Duke or even a prince. I did not intend to stay. But you were there and you were so wonderful... And...\" This is when she finally broke, lips trembling and tears welling up in her eyes. She took a shuddering breath as she tried to stop herself from crying, but she couldn't. \"And you were kind... More kind than I have known before. I did not want to believe you were real, Adrian. I thought you would forget about me and everything would be the way it was. But then I went home and he called me stupid... So I ran. And then I f-find out he isn't even m-my father! Everything was a gods damned lie! My life! I am a bastard child! And he never t-told me!\" She wss crying uncontrollably by that point."}, "post-59057": {"user": "Adrian von Heschburg", "user_num": 643, "timestamp": "1483654375000", "message": "Is.  Is.  Is.  Adrian counted every present-tense term Cerridwyn von Heschburg used.  Did she not know her father was dead?  Realistically, Adrian hadn't seen his corpse - but judging by what the Witch-Hunter and servant had said - the man was very much dead.  Cerridwyn started to cry, and Adrian decided it might not be a good idea to tell her she had killed her own father.  No matter how much she may have hated the man, the idea that she may have killed him would tear her up.He stroked her hair as she sobbed; listening to every stutter, every whimper.  \"You have not ruined life, my love,\" he told her softly.  \"I've been dead since... since the razing.\"  Adrian's mind flipped between images of his hometown; he could see it still, on the horizon, still smoking and in flames.  His younger brother, his sister, his brother-in-law, his mother and father... all tore apart, their organs strewn across the courtyard; the civilians were-He shook his head, dispelling the horrid thoughts.  \"I was dead inside.  All these years I've been a dead man walking... looking for a purpose...  But you... you brought me back to life, Cerri.  I've dedicated my life to the Order first and the Empire second.  I think I'm finished with them though; time for a new commitment.  I love you... I... I don't know how else to say it!  I love you, Cerri!  You're the greatest thing to happen to me, there's no question about it.  As long as you'll have me, I will never leave your side... I'll die for you if need be.  I've come close to it already.\"  He grinned at the last sentence.  \"We're stronger for it now, though,\" he told her.", "link_list": ["/user/1957"], "image_list": [], "html": "<i>Is.  Is.  Is.</i>"}, "post-59066": {"user": "Cerridwyn von Heschburg", "user_num": 1957, "timestamp": "1483662601000", "message": "It took her some time to cry; these were tears pent up for a lifetime of abuse. She found herself pressing toward him again, curling her hand as well as resting her wet face against his chest. Of course Cerri heard him, never doubt that! \"And I love you,\" she said very softly, lifting her face to search his gaze with her own.She did not smile, for she was weary. But her eyes dropped to gaze at his mouth, and she leaned closer. Her mouth gently, but not shyly, brushed over his once... Twice.... A third time before she settled into a firmer kiss. The kiss she gave him was no well practiced kiss of the seductress, but nor was it the normal kiss from a maiden such as herself. It was a pleading, hungry thing, as inexperienced as it was.It was borne of her grief, of the desolation that came from her situation, and she seemed to drink of him without open mouth. She did not know yet how a deep kiss was, but was no less passionate.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "It took her some time to cry; these were tears pent up for a lifetime of abuse. She found herself pressing toward him again, curling her hand as well as resting her wet face against his chest. Of course Cerri heard him, never doubt that! \"And I love you,\" she said very softly, lifting her face to search his gaze with her own."}, "post-59101": {"user": "Adrian von Heschburg", "user_num": 643, "timestamp": "1483807291000", "message": "Adrian closed his eyes and relaxed as Cerridwyn von Heschburg pressed her lips against his own.  It had been... years since he had kissed anyone else; everyone he might have loved was killed at Heschburg.  Afterwards, and as a result of joining the Order, Adrian remained chaste and distanced himself from love; he was fully committed to his Brotherhood.  But not anymore; the Order was more or less dissolved; those Knights who remained simply desired a purpose.\"What... what should we do,\" Adrian asked after the prolonged kiss.  He wanted Cerri's advice.  \"Where do you want to go?\"", "link_list": ["/user/1957"], "image_list": [], "html": "Adrian closed his eyes and relaxed as "}, "post-59117": {"user": "Cerridwyn von Heschburg", "user_num": 1957, "timestamp": "1483849064000", "message": "\"I don't know, my love. We do not have very many places to go, do we? I cannot go back home, I will be arrested.\" She knew she used magic, but not deliberately so. \"I do not even know if my brother can help. I do not know what to do. And what of our marrying? Would you still have me after all of this?\" Her voice broke and she sagged, still exhausted and weak from the ordeal. Cerri stood, reluctantly moving away from him but her legs were cramped from lack of use, it was necessary for circulation. She paced for a short time, chewing on the tip of her thumb, a gesture that would soon become familiar when she was deep in thought.\"Would you gather an army or would you join the enemies of the empire? I know you might not like the idea of me being in the midst of battle, but I am a healer and can offer my skills to your cause...\"", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "\"I don't know, my love. We do not have very many places to go, do we? I cannot go back home, I will be arrested.\" She knew she used magic, but not deliberately so. \"I do not even know if my brother can help. I do not know what to do. And what of our marrying? Would you still have me after all of this?\" Her voice broke and she sagged, still exhausted and weak from the ordeal. Cerri stood, reluctantly moving away from him but her legs were cramped from lack of use, it was necessary for circulation. She paced for a short time, chewing on the tip of her thumb, a gesture that would soon become familiar when she was deep in thought."}, "post-59237": {"user": "Adrian von Heschburg", "user_num": 643, "timestamp": "1484173524000", "message": "\"Of course I would still have you,\" Adrian told her, his voice ringing of joy even in this moment of hopelessness.  The measure of love he had for her was unfathomable.  \"We cannot go back to the Empire.\"  Adrian gently pulled on the short beard hairs on his chin; he had not had a proper shave in almost a week. He seemed to zone out, staring into the empty darkness further back in the cave; he was in deep thought.\"I... I suppose I could offer my... er, our services to the Warrior Queen.\"  He shook his head, \"no, no, she would never align herself with a Vessian - much less a former Knight-Brother.\"  He slowly rocked his head side to side, thinking, and then said \"but when we have nowhere to go... we might seek shelter from her - just for now.  But I shall not raise my blade against an innocent of the Empire.  It was not they who have done be wrong... it was the Witch-Hunter who did me wrong.  Unfortunately, the entire Empire is probably looking for me, anxious for the day to see me hanging from the gallows - or perhaps they're waiting to smell my charred corpse.\"He looked to Cerri.  \"What do you think?  Do you think the Warrior Queen will accept us?\"", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "\"Of "}, "post-59250": {"user": "Cerridwyn von Heschburg", "user_num": 1957, "timestamp": "1484240980000", "message": "She took in a deep breath, then paused her pacing to kneel before him and search his gaze with her own, hands moving to cup his face. \"Adrian, I did not wish to rush our wedding, but we sould at least handfast and...\" her face went red, \"consumate before we leave this cave. I would not have our names dragged further through the muck and I think of safety. Yours and mine. We go into a place where we do not know anyone, and would be more at ease knowing it was you who...\" She did not know how to explain fearing rape and other things if she was not completely under his protection. It was just a harsh reality how women were treated in the time period. She hurried to say, \"Do not think I don't trust you to keep me safe. This is me telling you I trust you with my life.\" Then Cerri took a deep breath, shuddering some, and moved to lie back down. Her muscles were not yet ready for her to be up and about. Her belly grumbled for food, but she ignored it for the moment as she rested her head. \"Do you think the Warrior queen would accept us? She might be our best chance... But if we do that, we can never turn back... We will never be able to get back what was taken away...\"Unbeknownst to all present in the cave, all those who were loyal to Cerri marched... All the horses with the tack, the livestock, all the knights who trained under her father, all the villagers from four villages, the servants from the castle with belongings in tow... They were in Swavia now and very close by. ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "She took in a deep breath, then paused her pacing to kneel before him and search his gaze with her own, hands moving to cup his face. \"Adrian, I did not wish to rush our wedding, but we sould at least handfast and...\" her face went red, \"consumate before we leave this cave. I would not have our names dragged further through the muck and I think of safety. Yours and mine. We go into a place where we do not know anyone, and would be more at ease knowing it was you who...\" She did not know how to explain fearing rape and other things if she was not completely under his protection. It was just a harsh reality how women were treated in the time period. She hurried to say, \"Do not think I don't trust you to keep me safe. This is me telling you I trust you with my life.\" "}, "post-59297": {"user": "Adrian von Heschburg", "user_num": 643, "timestamp": "1484398670000", "message": "Adrian didn't respond to Cerri's final sentences.  He was a little surprised about her suggesting consummation.  An honest and modest man like Adrian would have waited - but then, he was not the same man as he was before.His eyes darted quickly at Klaus, who nodded, stood up, and then left the cave to hide at the entrance with Shagger.  He didn't say anything.  He only pulled Cerri close to him, pressing his lips against hers, harder and longer than ever before.  He didn't know if she was okay with it; he didn't even if he was okay with it; but if she protested in any way, he'd back off.  A light caressing from his hands turned into finding laces, buttons, and straps about Cerri's attire.  He himself began to remove what little bit of armor he still had; the metal plates carelessly fell onto the earthen floor as he laid Cerri down and found himself atop her...", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Adrian didn't respond to Cerri's final sentences.  He was a little surprised about her suggesting consummation.  An honest and modest man like Adrian would have waited - but then, he was not the same man as he was before."}, "post-59300": {"user": "Cerridwyn von Heschburg", "user_num": 1957, "timestamp": "1484414629000", "message": "She was surprised. But then again, things had changed in so little time. She did not protest, she kissed back and even helped disrobe. She looked up at him and said very softly, \"In the eyes of God, I am yours alone.\"Cerri welcomed him, hungry for whatever was about to happen even as she trembled. Her fingers boldly touched his back, her eyes grew heavy, her pulse quickened as her heart hammered.She arched against him with a sudden urgency, and the curtain of black censorship would fall over the couple in the cave. It seemed like a long time later when it rose again and she had fallen asleep, curled peacefully against the one she loved and would die for.Sometime the next day, if Klaus was still out and about, he would see and hear the first signs of those loyal to Cerri, marching through Swavia to find and join her. The young man might even recognize some of those in front, like the innkeeper. Obviously they had no clue about the cave or even where she was, for they were about to pass the mouth unless they saw or was stopped by Klaus.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "She was surprised. But then again, things had changed in so little time. She did not protest, she kissed back and even helped disrobe. She looked up at him and said very softly, \"In the eyes of God, I am yours alone.\""}, "post-59302": {"user": "Adrian von Heschburg", "user_num": 643, "timestamp": "1484415318000", "message": "The experience was mesmerizing, to say the least.  It was his first time, which was not surprising considering his morals, but he was glad that it was with Cerri - the woman of his dreams.  He would hold Cerri by him throughout their slumber; his love for her had been cemented, etched into the stones of time.The next day Klaus was busy trying to balance some rocks on top of each other.  In his boredom he almost didn't hear the sound of those approaching.  Shagger propped his head up from his lazy half-sleep, alerted by a noise not yet heard by the human.  He sniffed the air and then growled quietly.\"What is it boy?\" Klaus whispered, eyes widened.  He was about to rush back inside the cave and warn his two masters when he paused.  They looked like they were from... Rouviere?  He crouched down to stay hidden and peered outside to make more sense of what he saw.  \"Quiet, Shagger,\" he said, \"they're friends... I think.\"Klaus came out into the open, waving his arms at the party.  \"Hey!  Hey, we're over here!  Lady Cerridwyn is over here!\" he sounded relieved.  Shagger barked happily, panting and jumping around.Inside, Adrian was sleeping like a rock, for obvious reasons and would not be awakened by Klaus' shouting outside.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "The experience was mesmerizing, to say the least.  It was his first time, which was not surprising considering his morals, but he was glad that it was with Cerri - the woman of his dreams.  He would hold Cerri by him throughout their slumber; his love for her had been cemented, etched into the stones of time."}, "post-59308": {"user": "Cerridwyn von Heschburg", "user_num": 1957, "timestamp": "1484418507000", "message": "Cerri woke from her slumber early in the morning, having had enough sleep to last for a lifetime. She had explored the cave a little, and found a chamber with a pool of water fed by a spring. She was delighted as she took a quick dip to bathe. Once she was clean, she did the best she could to dry off and pulled her clothes on.By the time the villagers arrived, she was nibbling on some salted fish. She heard what was happening outside and moved to nudge Adrian awake. Her cheeks flamed red as she pictured the happenings of the previous night.Meanwhile, outside...The Innkeeper raised his voice to the large, motely group, \"Halt!\" And they did in sort of a domino effect, except for the squires and knights who were accustomed to taking orders. The innkeeper took off his hide hat, and approached Klaus. \"The people from the castle gathered us all. They spread the word of the injustice done to our Lady Cerridwyn and her love. We have all had to stand by through the years and watch the lady suffer at her father's hand and we all decided we would not do it again. We burned our houses and businesses so the empire would have to rebuild on their coin, for we are loyal to the lady and the empire has failed us.\" Klaus would probably be able to see that there were enough men to form a small army. The women and children were grouped in the middle, the horses were all ridden by the grooms and some of the knights, the livestock was limited to some oxen to pull wagons of supplies, the rest had been slaughtered and eaten. Whatever wasn't eaten was preserved and packed into barrels of salt that sat in one wagon. There were masons, smiths, carpenters, mongers, farmers, and a plethora of different people, all loyal to the lady and now Adrian, all willing to die for the couple.She came out and saw the many faces familiar to her, and was shocked to see all but those who were too old for such a journey. She called into the cave, \"Adrian! You will not believe this...\" And as she turned around, she widened her eyes as everyone in the karge group moved to their knees, and the men who were offering to fight in her name all placed their fists over their hearts.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Cerri woke from her slumber early in the morning, having had enough sleep to last for a lifetime. She had explored the cave a little, and found a chamber with a pool of water fed by a spring. She was delighted as she took a quick dip to bathe. Once she was clean, she did the best she could to dry off and pulled her clothes on."}, "post-60168": {"user": "Adrian von Heschburg", "user_num": 643, "timestamp": "1486908641000", "message": "(Cerridwyn von Heschburg)Adrian awoke from his deep slumber, and jumped to his feet when he heard Cerri's voice.  He reached over and grabbed his trousers and undershirt to pull them on quickly and then rushed outside.  \"Cerri!  What is it?\"  Adrian wasn't sure what to expect, but if anything he expected danger.But there was no danger, only the appearance of townsfolk... Cerri's townfolk.  And they all seemed to swear allegiance to the good lady and to Adrian himself.  \"Oh no,\" he thought.  He shook his head and took Cerri's hand, talking quietly.  \"Cerri, if the Empire finds us... they will kill all of these people for being traitors to the Empire!\"Adrian looked over the people again and tried to think of what to do.  \"They didn't come all this way for nothing though,\" Adrian said, sighing.  \"We have to get them out of the woods and somewhere safe.  Any ideas?\"", "link_list": ["/user/1957"], "image_list": [], "html": "("}, "post-60220": {"user": "Cerridwyn von Heschburg", "user_num": 1957, "timestamp": "1487043588000", "message": "\"I do not know, but they seem to understand the seriousness of the matter at hand.\" She looked over them, then sighed, \"Perhaps we can use the location to our advantage. the cave... it goes deeper than we thought, and some of the masons can mine to expand.\" She pondered this for a moment, this idea becoming an aha moment. \"Yes, come with me,\" she said to Adrian and the Innkeep since he acted as leader.If they followed, she would lead them back into the chamber she had bathed in, pointing out different corridors and nooks. the livestock could be lead in, barrels rolled, carts disassembled and put together in other areas, and much more. It was brilliant! She explained how they could set up many traps in the cave and the forest, carve different portals in and out of the cave, and everyone that could fight, would. \"We could send a courier to the enemy of the empire and offer her all but a few horses and tack to their army in return for an alliance... We have no use for horses now and they would serve a better purpose with them.\"", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "\"I do not know, but they seem to understand the seriousness of the matter at hand.\" She looked over them, then sighed, \"Perhaps we can use the location to our advantage. the cave... it goes deeper than we thought, and some of the masons can mine to expand.\" She pondered this for a moment, this idea becoming an aha moment. \"Yes, come with me,\" she said to Adrian and the Innkeep since he acted as leader."}, "post-60327": {"user": "Adrian von Heschburg", "user_num": 643, "timestamp": "1487429285000", "message": "Adrian rubbed his hand over his wavy hair and sighed deeply.  Cerri wanted the people to join them, and due to Adrian's nature, he was reluctant to let them.  But turning them away meant turning them over to the Empire, most assuredly a death sentence.  I'm to use to superiors making orders for me, Adrian cheerfully thought, time to suffer under the dominion of freedom.\"Yes, I think it a sound strategy to hide out in the cave - for now.  We'll select those among the group who are light-footed as our scouts to ensure we're not discovered.  We'll need hunters to find more food, and everyone else should see to the renovations of the cave.  The children should seek out firewood.\"  Adrian realized his authoritative nature coming out.  He was no 'simple man', but a seasoned and drilled soldier.\"Perhaps... perhaps I shall go and find this Queen Efyria...  If we are to present an alliance to her, I want to do it in person.  Cerri, I'd feel better if you came along.  Unless you'd rather stay here, or unless you had other plans.  What do you say, Love?\"As soon as Klaus had heard Adrian's orders, he and Shagger approached the children, motioned at them, and started to collect some fire wood.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Adrian rubbed his hand over his wavy hair and sighed deeply.  Cerri wanted the people to "}, "post-60353": {"user": "Cerridwyn von Heschburg", "user_num": 1957, "timestamp": "1487478041000", "message": "\"I will go with you, but let us make sure everyone is safe first... You are their Lord now... even if we are not legally wed, you are my husband now and they need to establish fealty to you as much as they have to me. What say we leave in a fortight?\" If he did not agree, ignore the rest of this post.A little more than two weeks passed and the villagers had established order in the cave. Not an ounce of magic was being used, and they did all they could to keep as inconspicuous as possible. An underground city seemed to be underway by the time Cerri and Adrian were preparing to leave.She awoke with a head ache the morning of their departure, and had thrown up for a second morning, but had not thought anything of it. But as she was cleaning herself up and dressing in breeches and tunic, she started to think about when her last monthly had been. She remembered having some cramping before she gave herself to Adrian, but lost track for the time being with all the chaos.She went off to find him, then, knowing he'd likely be seeing to the mounts, Wherever she located him, she'd approach him. If anyone was nearby, she asked them to afford them some privacy. She'd wait until they were alone to say, \"I've missed my curse, Adrian.\" Worry was etched upon her face as she peered up at him. \"It should have happened right after... you know... And it should have ended nine days ago.\" She was wringing her hands a little.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "\"I will go with you, but let us make sure everyone is safe first... You are their Lord now... even if we are not legally wed, you are my husband now and they need to establish fealty to you as much as they have to me. What say we leave in a fortight?\" If he did not agree, ignore the rest of this post."}, "post-60710": {"user": "Adrian von Heschburg", "user_num": 643, "timestamp": "1488329033000", "message": "Adrian agreed that it was a good idea to see to the people before they moved out.  In the two weeks which passed he ensured the people had a steady supply of food, good look-outs, and able-bodied defenders, as well as an escape plan should they be found.  Adrian had been out on campaign many times and so knew how to properly handle the situation.  Of course, the refugees were usually kept in less-than-sanitary conditions during his time in the Order, but he made do with what he had in the cave.After rechecking the horses for the hundredth time, he took a step to recollect himself.  That's when Cerridwyn von Heschburg appeared next to him.His first reaction was to stop breathing altogether.  It wasn't just the thought of her being pregnant, but the fact he also broke his moral code.  \"Oh, Cerri,\" he said looking at her.  She appeared worried, so he shook his head and smiled to console her, rubbing her arms.  \"Don't be afraid, my Love.  This is a blessing - the greatest blessing anyone could ever receive.\"The thoughts started to rush through his head.  A strong son, or perhaps a beautiful daughter.  Perhaps both?  Needless to say, the former Knight-Brother was more than a little excited about the possibility.  But he didn't let it get the better of him - he knew in this dark, cold world that terrible things could happen, even more so in the dangerous state he and Cerri was in.He pulled Cerri close and embraced her, kissing her gently.  \"It will be alright, my Love.  You are mine and I am yours, forever and always.  It is good, then, that you decided to come with me, for I would not wish you to stay in this forest in such a state.  Come, let us leave.\"After saying their farewells the duo would depart and make their way into the wilderness... in search of @efyria...", "link_list": ["/user/1957"], "image_list": [], "html": "Adrian agreed that it was a good idea to see to the people before they moved out.  In the two weeks which passed he ensured the people had a steady supply of food, good look-outs, and able-bodied defenders, as well as an escape plan should they be found.  Adrian had been out on campaign many times and so knew how to properly handle the situation.  Of course, the refugees were usually kept in less-than-sanitary conditions during his time in the Order, but he made do with what he had in the cave."}, "post-60725": {"user": "Cerridwyn von Heschburg", "user_num": 1957, "timestamp": "1488356635000", "message": "She was feeling dread even as he rubbed her arms. It was her fault, she thought, that this happened. But she loved Adrian and just wanted to be his wife somehow, even if it meant no longer being innocent. She managed a slight smile as he tried to comfort her. When he kissed her, she relaxed a little...When it was time to leave, she mounted his horse so she could rest, having made sure to secured the lead on both pack horse and her own mount. She rested her head against a makeshift pillow on his shoulder, looking quite ill as they were off to parts unknown... ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "She was feeling dread even as he rubbed her arms. It was her fault, she thought, that this happened. But she loved Adrian and just wanted to be his wife somehow, even if it meant no longer being innocent. She managed a slight smile as he tried to comfort her. When he kissed her, she relaxed a little..."}}