{"post-88265": {"user": "Duradin", "user_num": 3324, "timestamp": "1546793967000", "message": "Krevis, Tribe of ProsperityKrevis is home to the hardest working orcs who believe in a strong economy over physical strength. The founders of Krevis had lucked upon a massive vein of Borvilium in the mountains. Borvilium ore is a marble patterned dark grey reflective mineral slightly stronger than steel, though much heavier. It has been used to craft gorgeous jewelry and various buildings due to its weight. The Krevis often adorn their bodies with several forms of Borvilium fashion, such as necklaces, circlets, and braclets. Their tribe surrounds the Borvilium mines in the Eastern mountainsides.Chieftain Zergon of Krevis:Zergon is getting tired of squabbling over petty parcels of land. With much of Duradin's wealth at his feet, Zergon feels content with letting the other five tribes fight without him. He has resorted to hiring in outsiders for protection and turning a good portion of his tribe into miners, crafters, and fashionistas.Krevis, the Tribe of Prosperity, is looking to hire a few select individuals to protect a shipment of supplies to a neighboring city along with the return shipment.You've heard rumors of the orcs of Duradin, ones that tell of savage red skinned beasts that shatter your bones and beat you bloody without mercy. What you hadn't heard was of civilized tribe called Krevis, where the mines ran deep and the crafts were splendid. But in the tavern there were notes posted upon the board of such a place, and it was requesting aid. The message was addressed to any mercenaries, travelers, or sellswords that wished to earn a fair bit of coin. All they had to do was travel to Krevis with the letter of hire, and fulfill the job, which was to escort cargo out and into the tribe. A fairly simplistic job, though the lands were barren and the beasts famished. It was completely up to you whether or not to accept this contract, though the reward was rather large.", "link_list": [], "image_list": ["https://i.imgur.com/n5eFeRV.jpg"], "html": "<b><font size=\"4\">Krevis, Tribe of Prosperity</font></b>"}, "post-88273": {"user": "Rune Naimon IV", "user_num": 2872, "timestamp": "1546809457000", "message": "The Naimon company heard the call of the Tribe of Prosperity and was quick to answer. Rune, owner of the Naimon company was very much hands on so he decided he would take the contract himself. He did so partly for fun, and partly to ensure the contract was successful.He saw great potential for future work for The Naimon Company in these lands, and he wanted to make sure a good first impression was made here.Rune galloped onward upon a pristine white stallion, pink hair streaking in the wind. He had traveled many leagues through the red desert, but now as desert gave way to mountains he spotted the tribe in the distance.He slowed his pace as he approached the outskirts, pausing as he got near the tribe. He would look around, to see if any approached him before continuing on.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "The Naimon company heard the call of the Tribe of Prosperity and was quick to answer. Rune, owner of the Naimon company was very much hands on so he decided he would take the contract himself. He did so partly for fun, and partly to ensure the contract was successful."}, "post-88283": {"user": "Ti'el", "user_num": 3330, "timestamp": "1546838162000", "message": "Along the loose sands, another figure rode, nearly blending with the environment around them. At first, they rode forward, toward the same city as the young mercenary, but at a moment's notice, they turned dramatically, shooting straight for him.The closer they were, the clearer it became that this was another rider and their mount. Specifically, a woman riding a camel. The animal had no problems with the shifting sands, as his hooves were wide and flat. He was no match for a horse in bursts of speed, but they were prized animal in deserts, where there was little water. Stamina and durability were everything in such punishing climates.Soon it became clear that the woman riding on the camel was not at all an ordinary woman. She was tiny, with almost no fat on her bones, leaving her skin to stretch over lean muscle. She also had... ears, which was the first recognizable sign of being something else other than human. There were also dark brown markings around her large, dark eyes, sticking out from her yellow skin. If one's eyes were to travel down past the billowy white frock she had wrapped around her, one would find a long, rather puffy tail that was the same color as her blonde hair.She slowed as she came up beside him, mouth wrung in a thin smile. \"A foreigner! I was hoping you were one of the orcs. Do you come because of the news?\" she asked, voice thickly accented and airy. Her tall ears perked up in his direction.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Along the loose sands, another figure rode, nearly blending with the environment around them. At first, they rode forward, toward the same city as the young mercenary, but at a moment's notice, they turned dramatically, shooting straight for him."}, "post-88303": {"user": "Duradin", "user_num": 3324, "timestamp": "1546895913000", "message": "Having passed through the main ring of mountains into the red desert that makes up the Crimson Sea, the two of you individually made your way towards the Eastern mountains. The open sands, while much hotter, were easier to travel than the steep cliff sides and rocks of the mountain range. Rune's white stallion stuck out like a sore thumb to any who'd glance out along the desert's horizon, while Ti'el's choice of mount could easily be mistaken as one of the native beasts of burden. The two had made the arduous trek separately, but fate \u2013 or pure luck \u2013 had brought them along the same path.In the distance, barely noticeable to those without a keen eye, were the borders of the Krevis Tribe lands. Marking it was a singular obelisk made up of a strange black marbled stone, split into two in a crudely artistic manner. However, despite its simplistic nature, the object is completely smooth, sanded away to a gleaming and pristine cut of Borvilium.Alongside this obelisk lays a gravel and sand pressed path that leads around the rocks and back into the mountainside. If the travelers were to continue along this orc-made road, they would come across the first true signs of the Krevis; their banners. These black cloths have been stitched with white silk in resemblance of the Borvilium the orcs discovered upon tribe formation. A simplistic miner's pick design has been embedded as their symbol of choice.A few miles beyond the banners would reveal one of the many outposts for Krevis, currently inhabited by a handful of orcs. A small barracks, kitchen, and tower make up the three stone buildings carved into the mountain's face. At a glance, there are three visible desert orcs, but within there is a near dozen waiting for their shift to start. The orcs here wear breathable silks, with only a few of them choosing to don their light leather and hide armors for protection. Many of them can be seen wearing the Borvilium material as chokers, armbands, and facial piercings.", "link_list": [], "image_list": ["https://i.imgur.com/wJdalB3.jpg"], "html": "Having passed through the main ring of mountains into the red desert that makes up the Crimson Sea, the two of you individually made your way towards the Eastern mountains. The open sands, while much hotter, were easier to travel than the steep cliff sides and rocks of the mountain range. Rune's white stallion stuck out like a sore thumb to any who'd glance out along the desert's horizon, while Ti'el's choice of mount could easily be mistaken as one of the native beasts of burden. The two had made the arduous trek separately, but fate \u2013 or pure luck \u2013 had brought them along the same path."}, "post-88313": {"user": "Rune Naimon IV", "user_num": 2872, "timestamp": "1546908269000", "message": "Rune and Ti'el hand linked up and continued the last little leg of their journey together. Rune, for the most part, seemed very friendly, if a bit energetic.\u00a0They spoke for a bit, traveling past the obelisk and eventually along the road. They passed the banners of the Krevis tribe, before finally coming upon the outpost.\"Hail friends!\" Rune called out, while they were still a fair distance away. The white stallion trotted up to the trio of buildings - and Rune pulled up on the reigns of his horse as he approached. The proud stallion whinnied, stamping one of its hooves and snorting, but otherwise stopping. The destrier seemed to have a bit of a fiery temper, though he was calmed by a few words from Rune and some neck-pats.\"We heard the Krevis tribe was in need of some protection on caravans, do you know more details about this contract?\" he asked, looking towards the nearest Orc standing outside.\u00a0", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Rune and Ti'el hand linked up and continued the last little leg of their journey together. Rune, for the most part, seemed very friendly, if a bit energetic.\u00a0"}, "post-88317": {"user": "Ti'el", "user_num": 3330, "timestamp": "1546913460000", "message": "It was pleasant meeting the pretty stranger. Exchanging a few words, they became acquainted, and Ti'el came to learn that this person, Rune, was... not a woman! Truly, a slightly perplexing revelation.Following behind him, she let Rune do the bulk of the talking after she offered a friendly wave. He was a mercenary, after all. This was something he did all the time. She would sit back and learn for now, though she did take her time to look around and study the orcs surrounding them.She was born in this same desert, so she had seen the orcs from afar. On a rare occasion, she had come in contact with one, though it normally ended up with her slinking away. Perhaps like this, there was more room for conversation. She did notice these orcs to be more... decorated than the others. Still crude, yes, but less so.Her eyes wandered up to the obelisk next. She couldn't remember ever having seen anything like it! There were many rocks in the desert, but none of that color, or so smooth. Her neck craned as she marveled.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "It was pleasant meeting the pretty stranger. Exchanging a few words, they became acquainted, and Ti'el came to learn that this person, Rune, was... not a woman! Truly, a slightly perplexing revelation."}, "post-88416": {"user": "Duradin", "user_num": 3324, "timestamp": "1547054397000", "message": "The three orcs visible stand at various posts; one at the top of the tower, the second leaning against the entrance to the barracks, and the third patrols the path. Someone with a keen eye might notice the first orc's bow, notched but not yet aimed, slightly concealed by the tower's half-walls. The second has his arms folded over in a cross formation, leaning back against the stone wall of the barracks. From afar, this may appear imposing, but if one were to approach, it would be revealed that this orc was nearly asleep, his eyes drooping heavily. The patrolling orc heads in the direction of the two travelers at a brisk pace, having spotted them from the other end of the path.From a distance they appear as a red and black blur in the heat of the sun. But as they enter the nearest mountain's shadow, their colors are muted to an earthly combination. And as they draw near enough to hear the question they were close enough to be seen as they truly were. This lean desert orc was covered head to toe with various Borvilium accessories. A dark chain of it was strewn between his tusks, clasped to each upraised fang with a small band of the mineral. Clasped to each bicep and wrist were large thick bands of the marble stone. On his fingers were a plethora of rings along with a singular talon-like claw made of it. If one was to glance at his feet, they would notice that his feet had similar adornments; bands around the shins so as not to obstruct the ankles and toe rings. These rings however, had thin Borvilium chains linking them to the shin bracers as an added touch of 'fashion'.The heavily decorated orc meets the two of you right as you reach the shadows of the three buildings, not at all imposed to placing his body before your mounts' paths. He holds out both hands, one towards each of you with a palm upraised in what could be considered a 'halt' gesture. His orange eyes glance between the two of you, a look of confusion furrowing his brow as Rune spoke, only clearing upon the word 'Krevis'. He then grunts in Orcish, \u201cI do not speak your tongue, but if your matters involve our tribe, then follow me.\u201d The orc turns, not waiting to see if you understood him or not, and slowly walks down the path he was patrolling away from the trio of buildings, headed towards deeper into the mountains.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "The three orcs visible stand at various posts; one at the top of the tower, the second leaning against the entrance to the barracks, and the third patrols the path. Someone with a keen eye might notice the first orc's bow, notched but not yet aimed, slightly concealed by the tower's half-walls. The second has his arms folded over in a cross formation, leaning back against the stone wall of the barracks. From afar, this may appear imposing, but if one were to approach, it would be revealed that this orc was nearly asleep, his eyes drooping heavily. The patrolling orc heads in the direction of the two travelers at a brisk pace, having spotted them from the other end of the path."}, "post-88533": {"user": "Rune Naimon IV", "user_num": 2872, "timestamp": "1547333736000", "message": "\"Oh, you guys can't understand me? That could be kind of inconvenient... I was going to compliment you guys on your piercings, they are neat.\"As the Orc turned and began walking away, Rune turned to Ti'el, \"Can you understand him? I think he wants us to follow him.\"Either way, Rune would begin following the orc, spurring his horse forward.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "\"Oh, you guys can't understand me? That could be kind of inconvenient... I was going to compliment you guys on your piercings, they are neat.\""}, "post-88535": {"user": "Ti'el", "user_num": 3330, "timestamp": "1547341870000", "message": "Ti'el's ears pointed toward the orc as she tried to decipher his language. She knew just a little of their language, words here and there from lurking around their camps. Though she couldn't figure out the whole sentence, she did pick out \"follow.\"\"It is so,\" the girl told Rune, jumping off of the camel. She lead him forward, looking back once to make sure the young man was following. She felt a creeping anxiety rise up in her chest the deeper they went past the... village? Camp? She wasn't quite sure what they called this gathering of buildings. Regardless, as they strayed from it, Ti'el could only wonder why they were being lead into the mountains. Her kind was always skittish, however. Rune seemed perfectly at ease. Perhaps she needed to relax too.She shuffled around in her brain for orcish words she could use to try and communicate. She heavily doubted he would know the language of her own people. They varied even between families, and weren't easy to learn. This was not going to be easy!Following for now, Ti'el just hoped for an easy resolution. Perhaps one of them knew common!", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Ti'el's ears pointed toward the orc as she tried to decipher his language. She knew just a little of their language, words here and there from lurking around their camps. Though she couldn't figure out the whole sentence, she did pick out \"follow.\""}, "post-88561": {"user": "Duradin", "user_num": 3324, "timestamp": "1547408848000", "message": "About an hour passed as the travelers followed the silent orc, only occasionally getting a look from him as he ensured their remaining presence. Around a final corner he went, revealing Krevis' main entrance reaching over an impressive 100ft up the mountainside. It stands proudly carved into its sandstone surroundings, rounded pillars supporting the tall entryway. A bridge about 20ft tall stands in front of it, acting as a scouting station and path to the secondary floor of tunnels. Below, the bridge's support beams act as decorative archways leading into the main entrance. A few orcs linger in these archways, wearing similar clothing as the one guiding the travelers. The rest of the orcs appear busy, with miner's picks and many bounds of rope secured to their backs. In the distance, one might spot a similar gateway and bridge setup with even more orcs located there.Moving along the bridge nearest the travelers, one might make out a single orc pushing a rectangular cart in front of him, the sound of wheels squealing along almost impossible to make out among the commotion of the tribe. He then disappears into the secondary set of tunnels above, only seen in glimpses between the pillars as he made his way down the hallway. The guide motions for the two travelers to continue following him towards this gateway, where more Orcish chatter can be heard as the orcs go about their daily lives.", "link_list": [], "image_list": ["https://i.imgur.com/5frL2Ar.jpg"], "html": "About an hour passed as the travelers followed the silent orc, only occasionally getting a look from him as he ensured their remaining presence. Around a final corner he went, revealing Krevis' main entrance reaching over an impressive 100ft up the mountainside. It stands proudly carved into its sandstone surroundings, rounded pillars supporting the tall entryway. A bridge about 20ft tall stands in front of it, acting as a scouting station and path to the secondary floor of tunnels. Below, the bridge's support beams act as decorative archways leading into the main entrance. A few orcs linger in these archways, wearing similar clothing as the one guiding the travelers. The rest of the orcs appear busy, with miner's picks and many bounds of rope secured to their backs. In the distance, one might spot a similar gateway and bridge setup with even more orcs located there."}, "post-88700": {"user": "Rune Naimon IV", "user_num": 2872, "timestamp": "1547874044000", "message": "Rune followed along behind the orc, not really saying much along the way. He was focusing on looking out for ambushes, and stuff like that.When they finally arrived though, Rune was surprised, \"Wow, these orcs seem to be very industrious. I guess the stereotypes don't always hold up,\" he said, giggling.\u00a0", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Rune followed along behind the orc, not really saying much along the way. He was focusing on looking out for ambushes, and stuff like that."}, "post-88740": {"user": "Ti'el", "user_num": 3330, "timestamp": "1547961416000", "message": "The fox girl was quite enraptured with the architecture. She had seen drawings in books but never had she gazed upon them with her own eyes. Now and again, she would brush her hands up against the carvings in the archways, tracing the grooves with her fingers. Her attention was stolen briefly by the working orcs, admiring their work ethic, their dedication to their craft and attention to detail. It made her smile. Perhaps they were not so different!\"I suppose not. There must be quite a few different types of every people, yes? The world is full of surprises! It is a wonder what the orcs will have in store for us. Aye, hopefully, it is good.\"She was ready for it to be quite the opposite, but hopes were never bad to have an excess of. Or so she thought as she followed the orc, approaching the gate for what lay beyond.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "The fox girl was quite enraptured with the architecture. She had seen drawings in books but never had she gazed upon them with her own eyes. Now and again, she would brush her hands up against the carvings in the archways, tracing the grooves with her fingers. Her attention was stolen briefly by the working orcs, admiring their work ethic, their dedication to their craft and attention to detail. It made her smile. Perhaps they were not so different!"}}