{"post-85003": {"user": "Airli", "user_num": 3159, "timestamp": "1536631132000", "message": "An expansive range of frigid mountains, devoid of green, make up what is the land of the Airli. None have ventured into these mountains since the Airli, and if one were to try, they would be greeted by deadly avalanches and sheer cliff faces. Even worse might be the sudden storms, that burry people within minutes, leaving no trace of said person. If somehow, one were to survive these immense challenges, they would be greeted by the Airli with a clash of steel. Needless to say this area is incredibly dangerous, but the perfect arena for any one person trying to prove oneself, or just to find a simple adventure.", "link_list": [], "image_list": ["https://i.pinimg.com/564x/98/4d/92/984d922be85c6b3aca8dcbb69bad1796.jpg"], "html": "An expansive range of frigid mountains, devoid of green, make up what is the land of the Airli. None have ventured into these mountains since the Airli, and if one were to try, they would be greeted by deadly avalanches and sheer cliff faces. Even worse might be the sudden storms, that burry people within minutes, leaving no trace of said person. If somehow, one were to survive these immense challenges, they would be greeted by the Airli with a clash of steel. Needless to say this area is incredibly dangerous, but the perfect arena for any one person trying to prove oneself, or just to find a simple adventure."}, "post-85053": {"user": "Enigma", "user_num": 536, "timestamp": "1536879679000", "message": "Down one of perhaps hundreds of mountain passes in The Nevis Mountain, a lone traveler trekked. He wore a garb of black fur and leather, to fight back the biting cold of those sky-scraping mountains - yet still he shivered ever so slightly whenever a particularly strong gust of wind hit him. He took his time as he meandered further and further into those dangerous mountains. With him, he carried a walking stick of old gnarled oak, poking it cautiously into the snow-covered\u00a0ground ahead as he walked. Upon his back, a pack one might assume was filled with everything he needed for his sustained travel and survival.\u00a0The lone traveler would do what he does best, travel. He worried not where he was going, he was going nowhere for all he knew. He had simply picked a direction and started walking, long ago surpassing the last signs of civilization he had seen.\u00a0", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Down one of perhaps hundreds of mountain passes in The Nevis Mountain, a lone traveler trekked. He wore a garb of black fur and leather, to fight back the biting cold of those sky-scraping mountains - yet still he shivered ever so slightly whenever a particularly strong gust of wind hit him. He took his time as he meandered further and further into those dangerous mountains. With him, he carried a walking stick of old gnarled oak, poking it cautiously into the snow-covered\u00a0ground ahead as he walked. Upon his back, a pack one might assume was filled with everything he needed for his sustained travel and survival.\u00a0"}, "post-85057": {"user": "Airli", "user_num": 3159, "timestamp": "1536880660000", "message": "Other than the chilling winds, the weather stayed promising as Enigma traversed the large mountain range. The landscape was devoid of life, unless you counted the endless horizon of ice, snow, and rock as lively. Eventually he would reach a gorge, hundreds if not thousands of feet across, and a seemingly endless drop until finally receding to darkness. ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Other than the chilling winds, the weather stayed promising as Enigma traversed the large mountain range. The landscape was devoid of life, unless you counted the endless horizon of ice, snow, and rock as lively. Eventually he would reach a gorge, hundreds if not thousands of feet across, and a seemingly endless drop until finally receding to darkness. "}, "post-85059": {"user": "Enigma", "user_num": 536, "timestamp": "1536881273000", "message": "Enigma would reach the gorge, approaching its edge cautiously, probing the ground with his walking stick as he did so.Once he approached that edge, he would risk leaning forward, to peer down it and see if there was a bottom in sight. The view he got instead was not one he initially expected, though. The pitch blackness of that yawning void sent a chill down his spine colder than any cold wind could bring, and he even shivered. The darkness brought back only bad memories for him, so much so he could not bear to be in a dark place for very long.\u00a0He backed away from the gorge then, looking around to see if he could find a way around it, over it, or maybe a new path to follow.\u00a0", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Enigma would reach the gorge, approaching its edge cautiously, probing the ground with his walking stick as he did so."}, "post-85060": {"user": "Airli", "user_num": 3159, "timestamp": "1536881646000", "message": "The nearby area around him was devoid of any way across, but there...at some point along the mountainside, a piece of rock jutted out of the rough terrain. Perhaps if he could make it over to the rock, and jump from it to the other side he could make it. A risky gamble, but perhaps the only way across. A look to the sky would only worsen his predicament. Clouds had begun to gather, grey and heavy, the warning of a storm. But with the winds as strong as they were, it would likely be a blizzard. If he wanted to make it to the other side, he would have to do so fast...", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "The nearby area around him was devoid of any way across, but there...at some point along the mountainside, a piece of rock jutted out of the rough terrain. Perhaps if he could make it over to the rock, and jump from it to the other side he could make it. A risky gamble, but perhaps the only way across. A look to the sky would only worsen his predicament. Clouds had begun to gather, grey and heavy, the warning of a storm. But with the winds as strong as they were, it would likely be a blizzard. If he wanted to make it to the other side, he would have to do so fast..."}, "post-85063": {"user": "Enigma", "user_num": 536, "timestamp": "1536882627000", "message": "Enigma's eyes flickered to and fro as he searched for a solution to his problem, combing over the surrounding snowy mountains more than a few times before affixing on that single jutted out rock. He had seen it before but had simply passed over it, only now that he felt the winds picking up did he come back to it.\u00a0The idea of jumping across immediately came to mind, at first it seemed like a completely outlandish and overly risky idea, but still, he couldn't stop thinking about attempting the jump.\u00a0His body seemed to move on his own, his heart pumping a little bit faster as he approached the jutted out rock. He walked across the rock until on both sides was only the dark blackness of the gorge staring back. He tried his best to avoid looking down at it but he inevitably caught glances of it as he looked down at his footing.Once at the tip of the rock, he looked across, gauging the distance... it definitely\u00a0seemed do-able. He would commit to this plan now, walking back and getting a running start.One two three strides... he planted his foot on the very tip of the rock, launching himself through the air and across...\u00a0His eyes widened slightly, as he began to fall quicker than expected then, perhaps his pack weighed him down. In a momentary panic he let go of his walking stick, reaching out and grabbing onto the edge of the other side of the gorge with an outstretched hand, and slamming into the cold hard rock of the gorge as he held on for dear life. He looked down, seeing his walking stick disappearing into the void and his dangling feet, and his panic grew more. He would quickly turn around and grab\u00a0onto the edge with his other hand, gasping as he tried to catch his breath and forget about the blackness below him that frightened him so, the strain of holding himself from falling increasing by the second.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Enigma's eyes flickered to and fro as he searched for a solution to his problem, combing over the surrounding snowy mountains more than a few times before affixing on that single jutted out rock. He had seen it before but had simply passed over it, only now that he felt the winds picking up did he come back to it.\u00a0"}, "post-85064": {"user": "Airli", "user_num": 3159, "timestamp": "1536882873000", "message": "The winds had defiantly picked up by now, and hanging there wasn't going to solve anything. But suddenly, a small movement bedside him; a single snowflake floated down into the gorge. It lazily spun and twisted, so small and innocent, but a grim warning of what was to come. Several more followed, and continued to pick up. He needed to get up and over that ledge before the blizzard began...", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "The winds had defiantly picked up by now, and hanging there wasn't going to solve anything. But suddenly, a small movement bedside him; a single snowflake floated down into the gorge. It lazily spun and twisted, so small and innocent, but a grim warning of what was to come. Several more followed, and continued to pick up. He needed to get up and over that ledge before the blizzard began..."}, "post-85065": {"user": "Enigma", "user_num": 536, "timestamp": "1536883510000", "message": "It took a few more moments but eventually Enigma calmed himself enough to pull himself up and over the edge onto the other side of the gorge. There was a sharp pain in his side where he hit the rock, which he noticed more now that his adrenaline began to fade, but otherwise, he was unharmed. He would just have to deal with the pain for now, and continue on.He knew with the storm brewing he should find shelter somewhere, but the chances of that were unlikely. If worse came to worse, he supposed he could dig a hole in the snow perhaps? He began walking along the mountain pass again, looking for a cave or rock outcrop where he could perhaps stay somewhat sheltered in during the blizzard.\u00a0", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "It took a few more moments but eventually Enigma calmed himself enough to pull himself up and over the edge onto the other side of the gorge. There was a sharp pain in his side where he hit the rock, which he noticed more now that his adrenaline began to fade, but otherwise, he was unharmed. He would just have to deal with the pain for now, and continue on."}, "post-85066": {"user": "Airli", "user_num": 3159, "timestamp": "1536883747000", "message": "He would find nothing, only grey flat rock, and the ever thickening presence of snow. It would have gotten harder to walk as the snow pilled up at an alarming rate. Even the wind now, would chill Enigma to the bone, easily getting under his furs. Colder than anything he could have experienced, it would instantly numb his entire body. Perhaps somewhere past that unbreakable screen of snow was a shelter...", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "He would find nothing, only grey flat rock, and the ever thickening presence of snow. It would have gotten harder to walk as the snow pilled up at an alarming rate. Even the wind now, would chill Enigma to the bone, easily getting under his furs. Colder than anything he could have experienced, it would instantly numb his entire body. Perhaps somewhere past that unbreakable screen of snow was a shelter..."}, "post-85067": {"user": "Enigma", "user_num": 536, "timestamp": "1536884403000", "message": "Enigma trudged on in the snow, stumbling slightly every now and then due to his numbed limbs. He pulled the hood of the fur-lined cloak he wore down further, looking down to avoid getting snow blown in his face as he carried on. He was in the thick of it now, and all he could do was continue forward or be buried in the snow.\u00a0He felt every gust of wind to his core, and soon he was pushing through snow waist deep. He couldn't go much further, he figured, perhaps only a few hundred feet more. Still he continued on, hoping to find shelter somewhere beyond the veil of snow that obscured\u00a0all sight.\u00a0", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Enigma trudged on in the snow, stumbling slightly every now and then due to his numbed limbs. He pulled the hood of the fur-lined cloak he wore down further, looking down to avoid getting snow blown in his face as he carried on. He was in the thick of it now, and all he could do was continue forward or be buried in the snow.\u00a0"}, "post-85068": {"user": "Airli", "user_num": 3159, "timestamp": "1536884648000", "message": "Beyond that wicked veil of hope, was nothing other than snow and rock. His hood would be repeatedly blown off by the strong winds, never merciful in their frigid gust By now, Enigma's legs would have become stiff with the cold, and it would be near impossible to keep walking. This seemed like the end of the road. It would take a miracle for salvation to arrive. ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Beyond that wicked veil of hope, was nothing other than snow and rock. His hood would be repeatedly blown off by the strong winds, never merciful in their frigid gust By now, Enigma's legs would have become stiff with the cold, and it would be near impossible to keep walking. This seemed like the end of the road. It would take a miracle for salvation to arrive. "}, "post-85069": {"user": "Enigma", "user_num": 536, "timestamp": "1536885333000", "message": "Enigma eventually stopped walking, unsure of what to do at the moment as he looked blearily around at the roughly 5-foot radius of snow-covered\u00a0ground around him that marked the extent of his visibility. It almost felt like a cloud obscured his thoughts and would not lift.\u00a0He eventually opted to sit down in the snow his legs feeling too heavy to continue on. He felt very tired, he realized, as he sat down in the fluffy snow. He didn't feel any coldness anymore, only numbness. Perhaps a nap would be nice, he thought...", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Enigma eventually stopped walking, unsure of what to do at the moment as he looked blearily around at the roughly 5-foot radius of snow-covered\u00a0ground around him that marked the extent of his visibility. It almost felt like a cloud obscured his thoughts and would not lift.\u00a0"}, "post-85070": {"user": "Airli", "user_num": 3159, "timestamp": "1536885465000", "message": "The snow didn't stop, nor did the wind. Instead, both of these things only seemed to increase, only freezing his body even more. The snow would even begin to cover him...a true miracle would have to happen soon if he were to live.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "The snow didn't stop, nor did the wind. Instead, both of these things only seemed to increase, only freezing his body even more. The snow would even begin to cover him...a true miracle would have to happen soon if he were to live."}, "post-85071": {"user": "Enigma", "user_num": 536, "timestamp": "1536886054000", "message": "Enigma didn't move, besides to brush some snow off himself. He couldn't be bothered to notice the uptick in snow or winds, his sluggish mind occupied with other delirious matters.\u00a0A sudden curiosity seemed to strike him, as he took off one of his gloves, staring at his already frozen hand. He wondered how much longer it would take, surely it would be soon. He could already feel unconsciousness\u00a0quickly approaching, yet he seemed at peace.\u00a0\u00a0", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Enigma didn't move, besides to brush some snow off himself. He couldn't be bothered to notice the uptick in snow or winds, his sluggish mind occupied with other delirious matters.\u00a0"}, "post-85072": {"user": "Airli", "user_num": 3159, "timestamp": "1536886448000", "message": "Suddenly, the winds increased dramatically and what seemed to be a...winged husky lower to the ground. On it's back, two warmly dressed individuals, both carrying spears. They didn't seem bothered by the frigid winds and snow, but stood stock still. Finally one jumped down and walked over to Enigma, his feet somehow not sinking into the snow. Closer now, Enigma would see the individual had a hand carved mask on, and wore clothes made of unidentifiable fur. The figure stood over Enigma for a split second before quickly striking out with the but of its spear, hoping to knock Enigma out.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Suddenly, the winds increased dramatically and what seemed to be a...winged husky lower to the ground. On it's back, two warmly dressed individuals, both carrying spears. They didn't seem bothered by the frigid winds and snow, but stood stock still. Finally one jumped down and walked over to Enigma, his feet somehow not sinking into the snow. Closer now, Enigma would see the individual had a hand carved mask on, and wore clothes made of unidentifiable fur. The figure stood over Enigma for a split second before quickly striking out with the but of its spear, hoping to knock Enigma out."}, "post-85073": {"user": "Enigma", "user_num": 536, "timestamp": "1536886873000", "message": "Enigma looked up at the masked figure, his facial expression not changing as his multi-colored eyes beheld the strange figure. Was this figure a god, or some figment of his imagination? He was turning it over in his mind when suddenly... darkness.Enigma didn't even seem to react to the spear's butt coming towards him, the wooden shaft landing squarely with a thud, and then Enigma crumpled into the snow, lying on his side.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Enigma looked up at the masked figure, his facial expression not changing as his multi-colored eyes beheld the strange figure. Was this figure a god, or some figment of his imagination? He was turning it over in his mind when suddenly... darkness."}, "post-85074": {"user": "Airli", "user_num": 3159, "timestamp": "1536887302000", "message": "The figure showed no emotion, as it picked Enigma up, and moved back to the waiting Ehif. Silently it took off, fading into the blizzard leaving no traces of Enigma, nor his struggle against the cold. Even the paw prints of the Ehif were eased in seconds by the unrelenting snow. ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "The figure showed no emotion, as it picked Enigma up, and moved back to the waiting Ehif. Silently it took off, fading into the blizzard leaving no traces of Enigma, nor his struggle against the cold. Even the paw prints of the Ehif were eased in seconds by the unrelenting snow. "}, "post-85176": {"user": "Kari Valkyrja", "user_num": 3168, "timestamp": "1537130773000", "message": "The sound of beating wings was drowned out by the sound of the relentless wind and snow as Kari searched the Mountains for any sign of life. It'd taken her a long time, but she had to hold onto the hope that someone would be able to help her contact her sister here. Her wings struggled to stay open in the cold, the snow pelting them in the same manner that rocks would if thrown at her. The woman herself was practically numb to the cold, but then she was numb to practically anything except pain most times.Quite suddenly, her right wing locked into place, and she began descending in a fast pace towards the ground.A wave of sheer panic washed through her before she steeled herself and forced her wings to glide her safely to the snow under her. She quickly began searching for cover, so she could thaw her wings and continue her flight.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "The sound of beating wings was drowned out by the sound of the relentless wind and snow as Kari searched the Mountains for any sign of life. It'd taken her a long time, but she had to hold onto the hope that someone would be able to help her contact her sister here. Her wings struggled to stay open in the cold, the snow pelting them in the same manner that rocks would if thrown at her. The woman herself was practically numb to the cold, but then she was numb to practically anything except pain most times."}, "post-85177": {"user": "Airli", "user_num": 3159, "timestamp": "1537131657000", "message": "She would find nothing, only miles of barren ice and snow. The air already would have frozen through her clothes easily, but the snow was another story entirely. It would chill, and freeze her to the bone. As for the shelter, nothing, unless you counted the snow as a home.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "She would find nothing, only miles of barren ice and snow. The air already would have frozen through her clothes easily, but the snow was another story entirely. It would chill, and freeze her to the bone. As for the shelter, nothing, unless you counted the snow as a home."}, "post-85180": {"user": "Kari Valkyrja", "user_num": 3168, "timestamp": "1537132900000", "message": "Kari cursed under her breath once she realized she wasn't going to find shelter anytime soon, so it seemed she would be on foot from there. Thankfully, her wings, while icy, were still useful in keeping her from being buried in the snow. She didn't worry about freezing to death, because, well, one such as her cannot die from natural causes, and that would be a natural cause. Her icy hair whipped against her face, painfully lashing across it, bright purple welts occasionally blossoming when she was hit particularly hard. She walked on, one hand constantly on the pommel of her sword. One never knew when or if they would be attacked so it was better, in her mind, to be ready. She would occasionally pause in her movement to gather her bearings, but then she would continue on. It gave her time to ponder on what she'd say to her sister.. Astrid was the least forgiving of her sisters, and she knew she would be in for one hell of a task if she wanted to be forgiven. She sighed softly, lifting herself back on top of the snow with a single, powerful beat of her wings, and continuing her trek.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Kari cursed under her breath once she realized she wasn't going to find shelter anytime soon, so it seemed she would be on foot from there. Thankfully, her wings, while icy, were still useful in keeping her from being buried in the snow. She didn't worry about freezing to death, because, well, one such as her cannot die from natural causes, and that would be a natural cause. Her icy hair whipped against her face, painfully lashing across it, bright purple welts occasionally blossoming when she was hit particularly hard. "}, "post-85190": {"user": "Airli", "user_num": 3159, "timestamp": "1537155249000", "message": "Though, she would sink right back to the bottom of the icy snow, she was just to heavy. Flying wouldn't do her much good either, as the winds had picked up significantly. Though this was not due to natural causes she would find, as five Ehifs, two soldier on each, lowered themselves from the clouds. Each soldier on the front, held wicked looking throwing spears, while those riding in the back, barbed arrows, most likely covered in antihistamines.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Though, she would sink right back to the bottom of the icy snow, she was just to heavy. Flying wouldn't do her much good either, as the winds had picked up significantly. Though this was not due to natural causes she would find, as five Ehifs, two soldier on each, lowered themselves from the clouds. Each soldier on the front, held wicked looking throwing spears, while those riding in the back, barbed arrows, most likely covered in antihistamines."}, "post-85193": {"user": "Kari Valkyrja", "user_num": 3168, "timestamp": "1537157658000", "message": "Only meaning to glance up momentarily, Kari's eyes find the winged beasts and a grim smile crosses her face when she barely focuses on the figures on them, and what's more, their arrows. This overall, amuses Kari, so she musters all the magickal strength she can, and pushes herself on top of the snow,pressing her her index fingers to her collarbones and muttering the word, \"Hl\u00fdju.\"Her skin instantly heats up, causing her wings to unlock so she can tuck them against her back. She didn't like using magick, it always left her feeling empty and drained. It was only a last resort for her, and the situation, well, it could get interesting, to say the least. Her warmth was momentary, and it faded the minute she turned her focus to the approaching tribesmen. She gripped the pommel of her sword, stood up straight, and presented herself properly. ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Only meaning to glance up momentarily, Kari's eyes find the winged beasts and a grim smile crosses her face when she barely focuses on the figures on them, and what's more, their arrows. This overall, amuses Kari, so she musters all the magickal strength she can, and pushes herself on top of the snow,pressing her her index fingers to her collarbones and muttering the word, \"Hl\u00fdju.\""}, "post-85201": {"user": "Airli", "user_num": 3159, "timestamp": "1537200216000", "message": "The large Ehifs landed slowly, their large feet, barely making an imprint on the pristine snow. The frigid air, didn't seem to bother the large beasts, nor their masked riders. Instead, they wore thick fur clothes, most likely forgiven to Kari.The Ehifs had formed a circle around her, defining it with their large bodies. Moments after they touched down, the archers in the back fired a single volley of arrows. ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "The large Ehifs landed slowly, their large feet, barely making an imprint on the pristine snow. The frigid air, didn't seem to bother the large beasts, nor their masked riders. Instead, they wore thick fur clothes, most likely forgiven to Kari."}, "post-85204": {"user": "Kari Valkyrja", "user_num": 3168, "timestamp": "1537209250000", "message": "As as she heard the arrows fly, Kari pulled out her swords,lowering herself a little to ground and raising them above her, spinning them at an accelerated pace just as the volley of arrows came down. She managed to dodge most of them but, somehow, one slipped through, slicing against her arm. She pulled back, looking at her arm for a moment before she looks to the tribesmen. \"You don't have to do this. I pose no threat to you or your kin.\" Kari says calmly, but loud enough for them all to hear her. She sheathed her weapons, and held her hands up, palm out. She knew the chances of them understanding her were slim, but she didn't wish to fight on this day. ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "As as she heard the arrows fly, Kari pulled out her swords,lowering herself a little to ground and raising them above her, spinning them at an accelerated pace just as the volley of arrows came down. She managed to dodge most of them but, somehow, one slipped through, slicing against her arm. She pulled back, looking at her arm for a moment before she looks to the tribesmen. "}, "post-85210": {"user": "Airli", "user_num": 3159, "timestamp": "1537236836000", "message": "The soldiers silence after the volley was deafening, only the brisk wind filling the empty stillness. Suddenly, the archers strung arrows once again, but lo and behold, did not fire. Meanwhile, Kari would feel a slight numbing sensation spread throughout her body. Though this time it was not the cold...", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "The soldiers silence after the volley was deafening, only the brisk wind filling the empty stillness. Suddenly, the archers strung arrows once again, but lo and behold, did not fire. Meanwhile, Kari would feel a slight numbing sensation spread throughout her body. Though this time it was not the cold..."}, "post-85702": {"user": "Kari Valkyrja", "user_num": 3168, "timestamp": "1539230813000", "message": "As the new sensation swept throguh her body, Kari paused. She knew to expect this but damn, she never expected the poisons to have an effect on her. She shook her head harshly, trying to force the sensations out of her body, before looking up at them with raised brows. \"You've no reason to want to hurt me, I know you're just trying to protect your kin.\" She struggled with the words, but she knew somehow theu would understand her, she fell to her knees as the floor began to swim beneath her, and still she fought against the poison. She simply HAD to find someone here, she needed to get into contact with her sister. With another glance up at them, the poison took complete hold of her and she finally gave in, her eyes rolling back into her head and closing as she fell back on her knees, her chin falling forward onto her chest, her wings falling limp and sinking into the snow, acting as an anchor, holding her up.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "As the new sensation swept throguh her body, Kari paused. She knew to expect this but damn, she never expected the poisons to have an effect on her. She shook her head harshly, trying to force the sensations out of her body, before looking up at them with raised brows. \"You've no reason to want to hurt me, I know you're just trying to protect your kin.\" She struggled with the words, but she knew somehow theu would understand her, she fell to her knees as the floor began to swim beneath her, and still she fought against the poison. She simply HAD to find someone here, she needed to get into contact with her sister. With another glance up at them, the poison took complete hold of her and she finally gave in, her eyes rolling back into her head and closing as she fell back on her knees, her chin falling forward onto her chest, her wings falling limp and sinking into the snow, acting as an anchor, holding her up."}}