{"post-46244": {"user": "Una Markett", "user_num": 1762, "timestamp": "1471115419000", "message": "Atargatis Lake. The mysterious amethyst lake which graced the Golden Vale with water for harvest and kept the lands green. In the distance, constructed in the very center, stood Atargatis Tower or the Crystal Tower is had been called. The construct had stood for untold centuries, baffling scholars endlessly. No one had been able to step foot in the tower since Skyfall's making. Una Markett kneeled on the sodden ground at the lake's edge and stared at the glinting tower. She dared not touch the lake's water. It was well known that it ate away at flesh, metal, and wood. The woman took a handful of earth between her fingers and rubbed it between forefinger and thumb. The only reason she had come was because of a posting at the Krinsgate Inn. It spoke of a huge reward of one-hundred gold coins to anyone that could get inside and bring back proof of their adventure. Most likely it was posted by the Black Mages. They were scholarly people and always sought out the secrets of the kingdom. Atargatis Tower was the bane to their progression of knowledge. Una had traveled ten leagues from Krinsgate to Atargatis Lake. Her horse was hobbled a few feet away and browsing the green grass. Her camp was a few days old. Una had been here for three days now and two nights wondering exactly how to get inside. She had heard of a man boasting back at the inn telling tales of being able to get in and out without a single burn on him. Una doubted that. The first day she had arrived, Una watched as a swan flew down upon the lake and burnt into stone. \"Aye,\" she thought to herself, \"but how to get across. Where is your secret?\" Perhaps if she could fly, but even the birds seemed to not stoop on the crystalline tower as if some force drove it away.\u00a0Una's hand picked up a rock and threw it into the amaranth water. It plopped and began to fizz where it sunk. \"I may have to return to find that man...\" Una said to herself. She stood and dusted the dirt off of her hands on her deerskin breeches. A storm was brewing on the shores of the Empyrean Sea to the south of where Una stood. A devil of a maelstrom was making for the Golden Vale. Soon the high-sun would be devoured by those thick, rolling, black clouds. Una's time was running short. ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Atargatis Lake. The mysterious amethyst lake which graced the Golden Vale with water for harvest and kept the lands green. In the distance, constructed in the very center, stood Atargatis Tower or the Crystal Tower is had been called. The construct had stood for untold centuries, baffling scholars endlessly. No one had been able to step foot in the tower since Skyfall's making. "}, "post-46257": {"user": "Tenszar", "user_num": 1322, "timestamp": "1471122625000", "message": "A lone figure walked around the edge of the lake from the direction of the oncoming storm. He dressed in black; an open robe and a torn cape over shirt and trousers, with a hood pulled forwards across his face as though expecting rain. His pale, grey-purple visage looked tattered and lost, yet he maintained a composure that would conceal any hint of emotional hardship.\u00a0Following his footsteps was the pitter-patter of falling red, which dripped from the naturally curled fingers of his right hand and ran from his palm to get there. Beneath his breath, he muttered, \"I grant this sacrifice of blood so that my blood may run free...\" and he repeated it again and again as he followed the path he was set upon.He seemed to have no interest in the lake nor the tower in the centre of it, though the camp up ahead caught his interest enough to lose his words. \"Hm.\" He began to approach with care, stopping only when he saw the woman at the lake's edge.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "A lone figure walked around the edge of the lake from the direction of the oncoming storm. He dressed in black; an open robe and a torn cape over shirt and trousers, with a hood pulled forwards across his face as though expecting rain. His pale, grey-purple visage looked tattered and lost, yet he maintained a composure that would conceal any hint of emotional hardship.\u00a0"}, "post-46289": {"user": "Una Markett", "user_num": 1762, "timestamp": "1471141937000", "message": "Una spied a man in her camp while returning. She went completely on alert. Marauders were common in the area and this one looked the part. Not many people went around in black cloaks and drawn hoods over their faces. It was the summer season and quite warm during the day. A sliver of explanation touched on the rain but it still did not seem right, somehow.\"Who goes there? If you are here to cause trouble it's best you be off,\" Una said in a commanding tone. She did not want to come off as frail and unable to defend herself. Sometimes just a simple confident attitude was enough to dispatch possible trouble from others.Una's blue eyes roamed around her camp. Everything seemed untouched, including the rabbit stew with potatoes, leeks, and wild onions on the fire. The smell almost made her mouth water but Una set her hunger aside. She dared not to look upon her hiding place, where the holy sword was hidden. Any hint and it may set the man off. \"I've nothing of value but you may eat and go, if you wish,\" said Una. Her eyes settled on something dripping from his hand and she gave him an accusatory look; it was hard and threatening. \"Are you here seeking entrance into the tower?\"", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Una spied a man in her camp while returning. She went completely on alert. Marauders were common in the area and this one looked the part. Not many people went around in black cloaks and drawn hoods over their faces. It was the summer season and quite warm during the day. A sliver of explanation touched on the rain but it still did not seem right, somehow."}, "post-46321": {"user": "Tenszar", "user_num": 1322, "timestamp": "1471172124000", "message": "A glint in his eyes portrayed hunger as he swept his gaze over the cause of the smell, though the fibres in his muscles remained silent through the woman's stares and words. It was only when she invited him to eat that he finally moved, which took him over to the stew on the fire where he sat down upon a nearby log and lowered his hood to reveal long, pale hair covering the angular face of a young man until he swept it back behind his ears. He reached out with his hands towards the stew, but stopped before touching and flicked his eyes up over the woman by the lake. \"You should keep away from me if you value your life,\" he spoke, though his words did not only sound like a threat, but also a warning.\u00a0He pulled a small cloth from his robe and wrapped it tightly around his wounded palm, before tying it off with a simple knot and reaching forwards to the stew. He took a spoon and a wooden bowl and then helped himself to her meal and showed not a sign of guilt while doing so. Ignoring her query, he simply focused on eating his fill.\u00a0", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "A glint in his eyes portrayed hunger as he swept his gaze over the cause of the smell, though the fibres in his muscles remained silent through the woman's stares and words. It was only when she invited him to eat that he finally moved, which took him over to the stew on the fire where he sat down upon a nearby log and lowered his hood to reveal long, pale hair covering the angular face of a young man until he swept it back behind his ears. He reached out with his hands towards the stew, but stopped before touching and flicked his eyes up over the woman by the lake. \"You should keep away from me if you value your life,\" he spoke, though his words did not only sound like a threat, but also a warning.\u00a0"}, "post-46324": {"user": "Una Markett", "user_num": 1762, "timestamp": "1471196474000", "message": "Una watched the man curiously. He was hungry and he was injured. That was all she could learn from the scenario in front of her. It appeared if Una didn't press further or disturb the man no harm would come to her. The woman knelt down onto one knee and watched him for a moment before saying, \"You are rather rude. Threatening me in my camp after I offer food.\" Una 'tsked' her tongue and stood back up. Una hadn't missed his hand injury. She was a cleric of small mention. She could easily tend to the wound and pray to the gods to heal it. A slightly cruel smile curled the corner of her lip. She'd do no such thing. \"Eat and go. Do not stay. I've no wish for your company any longer than need be...\" Una said, turning her back to the man. She went to her tent and ducked inside. Luckily the man hadn't gone inside before she arrived. Leaning against a post in the corner was a heavily wrapped cross-shaped parcel covered in a thick canvas. It would bound tightly in coarse rope, and was easily the size of a bastard sword if it had an ornate cross guard. The flap on the tent lifted and Una returned outside. \"I must return to Krinsgate. When I come back, I do not want you her-\"A cloud of dust was churning up on the horizons that could have only been caused by riders. Una's face contorted into an ugly sneer.\"Marauders!\"", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Una watched the man curiously. He was hungry and he was injured. That was all she could learn from the scenario in front of her. It appeared if Una didn't press further or disturb the man no harm would come to her. "}, "post-46329": {"user": "Tenszar", "user_num": 1322, "timestamp": "1471202917000", "message": "He sat silently, eating without fear of retribution or the upset he might have caused as the tower in the lake seemed to loom over him from even where it stood. Something felt rather odd about it, yet he had no knowledge of such a place, nor was he particularly aware what area he was in. As a drifter he had no respect for borders or nationality, nor the names that nobles gave to pieces of land to claim dominion over them.\u00a0Still he was curious, so when Una stepped out of her tent again he glanced up at her with a piece of bread in hand. Movement in his face betrayed the desire to speak, yet his words were cut short by the woman suddenly sounding the alarm. Slowly he turned his head around until the dust of galloping horses entered his gaze, at which point he stood up and took a chunk out of the bread with his teeth. He chewed, swallowed and then raised a finger:\u00a0\"What's in that tower?\"", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "He sat silently, eating without fear of retribution or the upset he might have caused as the tower in the lake seemed to loom over him from even where it stood. Something felt rather odd about it, yet he had no knowledge of such a place, nor was he particularly aware what area he was in. As a drifter he had no respect for borders or nationality, nor the names that nobles gave to pieces of land to claim dominion over them.\u00a0"}, "post-46374": {"user": "Una Markett", "user_num": 1762, "timestamp": "1471230420000", "message": "\"No one knows,\" Una said as she knelt down to the ground once more and unbound the sword with deft fingers. Once uncovered the man could see its beauty and perhaps feel its power. It was a fine steel blade, sharp as a razor, with a double-edged blade. The cross guard was massive and overly ornate with sunbursts and a large glowing light emanating from the center. The light pierced through the darkness like a beacon. \"There is a heavy bounty just to get inside. No one has been able to do it thus far,\" said Una as she drew her blade from the thick leather sheath. Una would not have chosen to use the sword but she had lost her steel sword in a fight a fortnight ago. It had snapped in half and left her only the legendary blade. \"If you can fight, fight. I will not protect you,\" said Una. Those words were an abomination of her order and showed just how far Una had fallen from it. The marauders closed in on the camp, drawn even more by the light. The storm still rolled heavily in the sky above them, darkening the skies even more. Still it was high noon and yet it seemed more twilight. Una ran for her horse and prepared to mount the beast.  ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "\"No one knows,\" Una said as she knelt down to the ground once more and unbound the sword with deft fingers. Once uncovered the man could see its beauty and perhaps feel its power. It was a fine steel blade, sharp as a razor, with a double-edged blade. The cross guard was massive and overly ornate with sunbursts and a large glowing light emanating from the center. The light pierced through the darkness like a beacon. "}, "post-46435": {"user": "Tenszar", "user_num": 1322, "timestamp": "1471256415000", "message": "As the marauders drew closer, Tenszar turned to bring himself in eye contact with Una Markett and watched as she uncovered her magic, holy blade. He drew back from it instinctively, shielding his eyes from the light for the first second and then slowly lowering his arm as he became used to it. He didn't seem to want to get too close to her magic sword - and likely for good reason; a sword like that could probably kill a man from ten paces away.He listened to her words, then lowered his hands behind his neck and pulled his hood up over his head. \"Likewise,\" was the only word he said in reply, before he turned, made his way over to her tent and crawled inside it. He reached up, pulled the flap down over the open entrance and became silent. At least he wouldn't be cut down in the first wave - though he could not promise the same for the woman apparently. Still with her powerful sword, along with the fact she sounded a little like she knew what she was doing, he imagined she would be perfectly fine. ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "As the marauders drew closer, Tenszar turned to bring himself in eye contact with Una Markett and watched as she uncovered her magic, holy blade. He drew back from it instinctively, shielding his eyes from the light for the first second and then slowly lowering his arm as he became used to it. He didn't seem to want to get too close to her magic sword - and likely for good reason; a sword like that could probably kill a man from ten paces away."}, "post-46445": {"user": "Una Markett", "user_num": 1762, "timestamp": "1471265174000", "message": "Una Markett wasn't peeved in the least about the man's craven actions. It had not been the first time she had seen a man grown abandon the battle field in an attempt to save only his own skin. Una had expected nothing less from this one. Upon her horse, Una waited for the arrival of the marauders. There were five of them, she counted. Each were ahorse and lightly armored in boiled leather jerkins and helms. The horses looked half-starved and the sallow cheeks of the men said the same. They were desperate and hungry, and those kinds of men were very dangerous. The one that stood out from them all was growing gray, and was pocked with big black spots on his face and hands. The plague. They were riding with a man that had the plague. It was a strange disease that was claiming the lives of all it touched. The plague was unhealable by clerics, and untreatable by the alchemists in Skyfall. \"Pretty sword you got there girl,\" a raspy voice called out to Una. \"Lemme have a look at it.\" Gurgled laughs came from the sickly men.\"Never,\" Una spat out. \"Leave or you will meet your death today.\" \"No, I don't think so,\" the diseased man replied. \"See, we've come to bring back proof that we've been in the tower. You've just made our job easier with that sword of yours. They'll believe for sure and all we have to do is kill a little girl.\" The group drew their swords. None of them fine steel, Una noticed. \"You'll not have it, and if you try you will die,\" warned Una for a final time.Another round of frothy wet chuckles came from the marauders. ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Una Markett wasn't peeved in the least about the man's craven actions. It had not been the first time she had seen a man grown abandon the battle field in an attempt to save only his own skin. Una had expected nothing less from this one. "}, "post-46489": {"user": "Tenszar", "user_num": 1322, "timestamp": "1471292883000", "message": "Tenszar found himself listening to the exchange and crept forwards towards the flaps of the tent to peer through. He eyed the marauders carefully through the small gap, noting how they were malnourished and how one of them had some form of illness or skin condition. He imagined it was likely to be contagious, so avoiding getting close to that one would be a priority... Though saying that, the others looked perfectly alive. That suggested either that the plague develops symptoms quickly and that they had ridden together for only a short time, that the plague developed slowly and the rate of it passing to another was low or that it wasn't humans who passed it at all.\u00a0He put those thoughts in the back of his head and went on with his plan, his hand reaching out to touch the wood that held the tent aloft and scratching it with the nails of his finger. Over time the scratching became louder as he put more pressure on it and soon it would be audible to those outside. The marauders had no idea he was there, nor did they know what caused the sound.\u00a0", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Tenszar found himself listening to the exchange and crept forwards towards the flaps of the tent to peer through. He eyed the marauders carefully through the small gap, noting how they were malnourished and how one of them had some form of illness or skin condition. He imagined it was likely to be contagious, so avoiding getting close to that one would be a priority... Though saying that, the others looked perfectly alive. That suggested either that the plague develops symptoms quickly and that they had ridden together for only a short time, that the plague developed slowly and the rate of it passing to another was low or that it wasn't humans who passed it at all.\u00a0"}, "post-46526": {"user": "Una Markett", "user_num": 1762, "timestamp": "1471308758000", "message": "\"What the fuck is that sound?\" one of the men said while looking at another.\"I don't fucking know,\" replied Tommard. \"Shut the hell up!\" the leader yelled. Spit flew from his shriveled lips. Una's skin crawled but she held her composure. \"Give me the damn sword,\" the man said again. Each work was enunciated separately and with a threat laced in his tone. He took a step forward and Una reacted immediately. She dropped down into a defensive stance and held her holy blade ready for attack.\"Take no step further and leave,\" Una warned.\"What the fuck is that sound?\" Jergun asked Tommard again. The other shoved him and told him to be quiet or Garren would kill him. Una guessed that 'Garren' was the leader of the three. \"I sai-!\" Una's sword cut throught the man's belly and up into his chest after she lunged into him. Her face was contorted in disgust and anger. She had not wanted to kill the man but he was dead anyway. Una merely intended to end his suffering early.The woman removed her sword and the lifeless body dropped like a sack of potatoes onto the ground.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "\"What the fuck is that sound?\" one of the men said while looking at another."}, "post-46555": {"user": "Tenszar", "user_num": 1322, "timestamp": "1471348113000", "message": "The sound of blood and something dropping to the ground made him alert to the fact someone had clearly just been killed and up to that point they had been increasingly agitated by not only the woman outside, but the noises he had been making. He removed his fingers from the wood with an inward curl and furrowed his brows to close his eyes. He had been hoping one of them would investigate the tent, but now that the woman had slain one of them they would instead no doubt focus their attention on her. The only option remaining was to launch an ambush while they were preoccupied with the shock of just losing a member of their team, so Tenszar pressed his feet into the floor and then leaned forwards until resting against his palms like an animal. Outside the sound of snaps, cracks and several painful groans would fill the air like a chill until coming to a halt with a final, beastly growl. Then suddenly: a mass of tattered black cloak rushed out of tent flaps like a wolf, hitting the ground on four hidden limbs and coming to a quick skidding halt while it redirected to face one of the riders. Then the mass set off in a terrifyingly quick sprint, which ended a mere second later as the cloaked figure launched into the air and made to slam one of the riders from his horse and down into the ground.If it succeeded a light purple hand would be pressed into the chest of the marauder, who would cough up blood and no doubt die while staring into the unknown abyss hidden beneath that tattered hood. ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "The sound of blood and something dropping to the ground made him alert to the fact someone had clearly just been killed and up to that point they had been increasingly agitated by not only the woman outside, but the noises he had been making. "}, "post-46595": {"user": "Una Markett", "user_num": 1762, "timestamp": "1471386924000", "message": "Una's horse reared in sheer fright. The holy warrior herself was disturbed by whatever it was that had charged out of her tent. Her blue eyes went wide with fear and quickly she regained her composure. It was not her time to die that day.The last marauder froze in horror as the others died. A puddle of piss gathered at his feet as it ran down his leg. Una nudged her horse into a gallop and abandoned her camp. She was not going back to that creature or person or whatever. The sword was in her possession and that is all that mattered. No longer could Una go back to Krinsgate as she had told that dark creature that's what she planned to do. How foolish! Una thought to herself in reprimand. And so, Una headed north toward the Whispering Woods. If anything she could get away from him and if it followed the woods were an easy getaway. However, that brought her close to Atargatis Lake. If Una's horse spooked and ran into the water-\"Argh!\" Una screamed and so did her horse and it fell through a rotten wooden door hidden in the earth. ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Una's horse reared in sheer fright. The holy warrior herself was disturbed by whatever it was that had charged out of her tent. Her blue eyes went wide with fear and quickly she regained her composure. It was not her time to die that day."}, "post-46602": {"user": "Tenszar", "user_num": 1322, "timestamp": "1471390119000", "message": "As Una abandoned the camp, Tenszar's form rose, chased and cut down any remaining marauders with whatever secret weapon or terrible ability he summoned for the fight. They may have been desperate, but as malnourished as they were they were ultimately weak and lacked any kind of strength to fight him or the woman; they had lost before they set foot in the camp and should have realized there was no such thing as easy prey with a weapon.As the figure rose in his cloak, his body and limbs began to shift and crack back into a more normal structure. His eyes followed the distant horse that carried the fleeing female, only to watch both her and her animal suddenly fall from view. Strange... He held no preconception that it was in his interest to find out what happened, but even so he felt curiosity rise from the unusual nature of her sudden disappearance. He carefully began to walk north after her, limping slightly as a thin trail of blood mixed into the dirt by his moving feet.Eventually he reached the hole caused by the rotten door and peered down into it to see what had become of them. \"Hm.\"", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "As Una abandoned the camp, Tenszar's form rose, chased and cut down any remaining marauders with whatever secret weapon or terrible ability he summoned for the fight. They may have been desperate, but as malnourished as they were they were ultimately weak and lacked any kind of strength to fight him or the woman; they had lost before they set foot in the camp and should have realized there was no such thing as easy prey with a weapon."}, "post-46676": {"user": "Una Markett", "user_num": 1762, "timestamp": "1471438695000", "message": "The horse hit the floor with another scream and a thud. A few pitiful whines came from the beast before it drew its last breath. Una was caught untangled herself from her dead mount and looked up.Forty feet up was the hole she had fallen through above. Una groaned and tried to adjust her eyes to the darkness engulfing her. A steady sound of dripping water was near. The air was stale and musty like the old smell of death. As Una lifted herself from the ground, she looked up and saw a shadow leaning across the opening. She doubted it was a marauder after what Una had witnessed moments before. That unholy creature was now coming to end her too. Una scampered for her sword with both hands until she found it. The sword was stuck beneath the horse's massive body and it took quite some effort to pull it free. Once it was free, Una filled the room with a soft glow of golden light from the orb nestled in the pommel. Around her was a small room made of smooth stone as if it had been cut from the eart instead of paved. Cobwebs hung thickly from the ceiling and a rotted ladder crumbled against one wall. A rusted lance pierced through Una's horse and a pool of blood gathered around the animal's corpse. A helm and some other bits of armor were scattered as well. \"Rotten luck that,\" Una whispered to her poor beast. Giving another look up at the shadow, Una made way for the only way out; a small corridor heading underneath Atargatis Lake. ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "The horse hit the floor with another scream and a thud. A few pitiful whines came from the beast before it drew its last breath. Una was caught untangled herself from her dead mount and looked up."}, "post-46726": {"user": "Tenszar", "user_num": 1322, "timestamp": "1471472662000", "message": "He shared a look with her, but Tenszar made no move to follow her down into that hole where her mount lay dead and Una stood unharmed and trapped. She had clearly seen him as some form of enemy, which was certainly no surprise to him, yet filled him with no care for her well-being. Without a word he backed away from the hole and left her to explore it, instead moving on down towards the lake for a few meters and stopping to look over at the tower.Something about that tower drew him closer in a meta-spiritual sense, yet he could place no answer to the question of how he was to physically reach it. He had no boat to cross, yet even if he had a deeply held instinct told him to avoid the water... By air then? But he was no bird, nor could he sprout wings or summon some sort of mount to carry him. In fact, as Tenszar peered closer, he noticed how birds were navigating to avoid approaching the structure on the lake as though some ward kept them away from it.\u00a0\"How am I to get over there...\" He pondered, his curiosity now filling him with a momentary purpose.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "He shared a look with her, but Tenszar made no move to follow her down into that hole where her mount lay dead and Una stood unharmed and trapped. She had clearly seen him as some form of enemy, which was certainly no surprise to him, yet filled him with no care for her well-being. Without a word he backed away from the hole and left her to explore it, instead moving on down towards the lake for a few meters and stopping to look over at the tower."}}