{"post-18189": {"user": "Jun of the Celadine", "user_num": 108, "timestamp": "1449622647000", "message": "Hey, so recently a debate erupted over whether or not anti-magic is a valid mechanic in the fantasy sandbox. It's a bit complicated but let me lay out my understanding of the issue.What is anti-magic?It's the ability to prevent players from using magical abilities. Simple right?Why does anti-magic exist?As of right now, characters with magic are much more powerful than characters without magic. It isn't like a traditional RPG system where a mage throwing a fireball is no stronger than a warrior with a strong axe. In this current universe, sufficiently powerful mages can fight armies and take down dragons single-handed.What are some examples of anti-magic?Some examples would be armor that is resistant to magical attacks or an energy field that suppresses magical abilities.Why is anti-magic a problem?It really depends on your point of view. For players who don't participate much in combat or campaigns, it's really not a big deal. The Fantasy Sandbox is just as much a home for those mostly interested in romance, political intrigue, comedy, or crafting stories and settings. You don't have to be a fighter to play.However, fighters and PvPers do exist in this world, and theoretically a magically inclined character could do some serious damage to an entire city. And there is nothing in the rules preventing them from doing so. It has happened before, and normally the only way to deal with people wielding magic is with other people wielding magic who are on the opposite side.The principle of anti-magic was created to counter this effect. However, there is no established mechanic for anti-magic. How does it work? How much skill does it take to use? Would an extremely powerful mage using magic need to be countered by an extremely powerful anti-mage?With no clear answers, there is theoretically no way to stop someone from assassinating a magic character any more than there is to stop a magic character from assassinating anyone else.So, how do you, the people, suggest we deal with magic/anti-magic interactions?I'm going to include a poll, but I also have a personal suggestion:***I think anti-magic should, like magic, be seen as a broad category under which various anti-magic techniques exist, just like magic has its own variety. We should avoid any sort of general anti-magic and instead focus on the specifics of magic.Some examples would be:Magic particle absorption/redirection: A discipline that focuses on absorbing the force that carries and directs magic spells. For example, a field with this property could cause the stream of magical particles that carries a magic effect to be repelled, in the same way similarly charged particles repel each other. This also wouldn't totally overpower a mage as it would only block direct energy and magical projectile attacks. It wouldn't prevent buffs, self casting, or the use of magic around the field.Magic casting inhibition: A discipline that prevents the magic user from actually tapping into their own magic. In real life, it's possible to severely limit a person's ability to speak by playing back their own voice against them with a delay. Likewise a mechanism could be developed to prevent a mage from being able to concentrate or focus their magic. This too would also not totally overpower a mage as the inhibition would have to be similar in power to the mage, or the mage may overcome the effect after a while. It also probably would do nothing to magical effects already in play and active, like buffs, and also wouldn't preclude the use of magic artifacts.Mana draining: Assuming a mage's power is based on a fixed pool of energy, anything that drains a mage of that energy would prevent them from using magic. It would not prevent a player from absorbing an external magic source, like a potion, or using magic artifacts or scrolls. There would also have to be reasonable ways of countering mana drain, like dodging or breaking the hold of whatever is draining the mana, whether it be an enemy spell or some sort of draining plant root.My overall point is, as long as we avoid generic use of anti-magic and focus on the specific ways players can deal with mages, we should be ok. I also think this opens up a whole new world of strategy, planning, and creative use of spells/environment and make Fantasy Sandbox combat deeper and richer and far more varied. PvP will depend more on the skill of the player and their writing abilities.So those are my thoughts. What are yours?", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Hey, so recently a debate erupted over whether or not anti-magic is a valid mechanic in the fantasy sandbox. It's a bit complicated but let me lay out my understanding of the issue."}, "post-20180": {"user": "Ashani", "user_num": 804, "timestamp": "1451583468000", "message": "It is a valid thing in the sandbox because the admin has stated repeatedly that it is a thing. As far as I know, at that point the debate is basically over.The reason for its existence is balance, which has already been touched upon already. If magic could not be stopped or blocked, an arms race of magic would result, not only over long periods of time but also within individual PvPs (with each player using stronger and stronger, perhaps ridiculous, spells).The idea of anti-magic goes back to the overarching compatibility of paranormal stuff. In theory, there is a paranormal side to the Sandbox--a realm or a type of \"energy\" that can manifest into every strange way definable by medieval fantasy, be it traditional magic spells to other paranormal things like psychic abilities and even the existence of ghosts. All of this stems from that \"paranormalness,\" and all of it stems from the same place. This enforces compatibility, so someone can't say \"this is MY type of magic and it's immune to the effects of YOUR type of magic.\" They also can't say \"this is psionics, so your magic doesn't work on it.\"Because everything is compatible that way, a strong balancing concept is this so called \"anti-magic.\" What it describes is the possibility to prevent another character from tapping into that \"paranormalness\" at all, which prevents the manifestation of its effects.It's a pretty simple concept, really, and it does exist, so I'm not sure how that debate even arose or what lent any legitimacy to the other side of the argument.As a serious mage player, I also think it would be boring for there not to be anti-magic. There has to be some kind of equalizer for nonmagic players to use against you, and for other magic players to employ as an additional strategy against you. Otherwise, you separate players into two classes--those with the loaded guns, and those without.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "It is a valid thing in the sandbox because the admin has stated repeatedly that it is a thing. As far as I know, at that point the debate is basically over."}, "post-20181": {"user": "Ralf Valgard, the White Wolf", "user_num": 451, "timestamp": "1451585338000", "message": "If I had a musket, or any sort of firearm for that matter, and I shot you with it, there's a very big chance you a) were injured, or b) you were killed.  It makes armor obsolete, shields are no good against such projectiles, and it led to the eventual decline of knights and other armored troops.That's not allowed on TFS for obvious reasons.  But wait... magic is, right?  With magic, armor is rendered obsolete, sometimes shields can do anything against magic.  Magic is infinitely more powerful than any firearm would be... and firearms are NOT allowed because everyone thinks they would be 'to powerful' and unbalanced.  But you take something that is far more powerful than a firearm ever would be, something that is far more complex to really grasp, something that requires so much more explanation, something that can - at times - be HUGELY unbalanced - and it IS allowed?If we're not going to let people use firearms, but we WILL let them use magic, then the people who DON'T use magic should at least have access to some sort of anti-magic.  Ralf, for example, has a shield which can protect him against it, for example (thanks to Hirhan).  Is that wrong?  Does it make me to powerful?  Okay, let's take that shield away; doesn't that make the magic user to powerful then?", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "If I had a musket, or any sort of firearm for that matter, and I shot you with it, there's a very big chance you a) were injured, or b) you were killed.  It makes armor obsolete, shields are no good against such projectiles, and it led to the eventual decline of knights and other armored troops."}, "post-20183": {"user": "Robert Fletcher", "user_num": 509, "timestamp": "1451586504000", "message": "The answer is clear:MAGIC CONTROL!!!Think of the children! Every year, there are thousands of magic-related fatalities! There's no such thing as a responsible magic user!Sponsored by the PAMV (Parents Against Magic Violence)", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "The answer is clear:"}, "post-20187": {"user": "Gluttony", "user_num": 901, "timestamp": "1451587827000", "message": "I agree with Ashani.  The rules seemed to explain it pretty well: one magic system can't completely over power another.  Gluttony for example can consume any type of magic, but only has one mouth.  As long as your character is balanced to some extent.As far as fire arms go. The main reason I want to see them continues to be banned is because it does not fit in with the setting.  We are certainly rping in the realm of medieval fantasy and I feel that the players of this sight have done a good job creating this environment.While lock, stock, and the smell of gunpowder is not unheard of in fantasy or even medieval fantasy (e.g. Dark Tower or The Wheel of Time) the line had to be drawn some where.  Old school guns with black gunpowder could have been allowed and heavily moderated but eventually someone is going to build a sixshooter cannon with gunpowder filled cannon balls that explode on impact...Sure that could be fun and is no more cheep than a dragon, but if that is ok then why not make a GIANT Cannon that is placed in the side of a mountain and is capable of lobbing a hunk of metal from the Phoenix State all the way to Medan.Eventually we lose sight of medieval warfare and now have another enormous balancing issue to deal with.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "I agree with Ashani.  The rules seemed to explain it pretty well: one magic system can't completely over power another.  Gluttony for example can consume any type of magic, but only has one mouth.  As long as your character is balanced to some extent."}, "post-20189": {"user": "The White Wolf", "user_num": 981, "timestamp": "1451588574000", "message": "Gluttony, I feel like those same issues can be translated into the anti-magic debate, which was why I brought them up.Thing is, you're right.  It would lead to a lot of balancing problems.  And something would need to keep it in check.In the case of magic, it is anti-magic that keeps it in check.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Gluttony, I feel like those same issues can be translated into the anti-magic debate, which was why I brought them up."}}