{"post-92249": {"user": "The Divine Empire of Vessia", "user_num": 1951, "timestamp": "1562620243000", "message": "Past the main coast of Vessia there are thousands of small islands, the water around them freezing in the winters to make them either particularly easy to get to, or wholly inaccessible depending on how thick the ice forms. A few of them are crown territories, but for the most part they are either little places merchants and bankers carved out for themselves or exclaves and enclaves owned by nobles on the Vessian mainland. There are a few self ruling territories too, largely small baronets that are nevertheless wealthy by the trade coming through letting them also amass much of the Empire's private navies. ", "link_list": [], "image_list": ["https://exarc.net/sites/default/files/Iona.jpg"], "html": "<div align=\"justify\">Past the main coast of Vessia there are thousands of small islands, the water around them freezing in the winters to make them either particularly easy to get to, or wholly inaccessible depending on how thick the ice forms. A few of them are crown territories, but for the most part they are either little places merchants and bankers carved out for themselves or exclaves and enclaves owned by nobles on the Vessian mainland. There are a few self ruling territories too, largely small baronets that are nevertheless wealthy by the trade coming through letting them also amass much of the Empire's private navies. <br/></div>"}, "post-94977": {"user": "Momo the Storyteller", "user_num": 3675, "timestamp": "1580357808000", "message": "The flyers were out and word was quickly spreading with each passing day. Activity amongst the isles had become a bit stagnant and difficult, more so of boats that attempted to hop between them. Sailors and merchants employing them were disappearing, with little to find other than wreckage and trashed goods - usually washed up on shores and beaches. In addition to this, there have been reports of certain beaches that have been clearly disturbed with dug-up sand pits and trees with their bark and trunks demolished rather than cut down. Between the ships and the land, the destruction displayed it rather messy and rugged - evidence of teeth and claw marks as well as bash indentions.Something was hovering around the islands, and whatever it was it was clear it was violent and dangerous.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "The flyers were out and word was quickly spreading with each passing day. Activity amongst the isles had become a bit stagnant and difficult, more so of boats that attempted to hop between them. Sailors and merchants employing them were disappearing, with little to find other than wreckage and trashed goods - usually washed up on shores and beaches. In addition to this, there have been reports of certain beaches that have been clearly disturbed with dug-up sand pits and trees with their bark and trunks demolished rather than cut down. Between the ships and the land, the destruction displayed it rather messy and rugged - evidence of teeth and claw marks as well as bash indentions."}, "post-94996": {"user": "Minerva", "user_num": 3640, "timestamp": "1580414326000", "message": "Minerva rubbed her hands together as she spots one of the flyers. Another day another beast to take down. It seems like this beast isn't a land beast like the ones she's used to. Water or land its all the same, at least Minerva is a good swimmer. She quickly packs a bag of supplies and fastens her trusty whip to her. She embarks to the isles in search of this beast. Minerva figures she should start by asking some questions of the locals around to see if they have any insight into the problem arising. ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Minerva rubbed her hands together as she spots one of the flyers. Another day another beast to take down. It seems like this beast isn't a land beast like the ones she's used to. Water or land its all the same, at least Minerva is a good swimmer. She quickly packs a bag of supplies and fastens her trusty whip to her. She embarks to the isles in search of this beast. Minerva figures she should start by asking some questions of the locals around to see if they have any insight into the problem arising. "}, "post-95021": {"user": "Momo the Storyteller", "user_num": 3675, "timestamp": "1580457848000", "message": "The first merchant ring she would find was already rattled upon her arrival, and were quick to start barking in frustration and alarm. Despite the fact they had amassed further inland of the island to try and avoid the potential encounter with whatever was attacking the boats and eating the sailors, the beast had managed to sneak up within the trees and appear in a seemingly violent rage - stampeding through their goods and tents and tossing a club tail and tusked head to break through anything it crossed.Someone said it was a reptile, showing Minerva a few shed scales that were almost as big as his hand that he had collected in the aftermath. Two more recalled vividly how it whipped it's thick tail around and smashed almost clear through the trunk of a tree and brought it crashing down with little effort - pointing out the fallen log and more importantly the splintered break to show the fresh, yellow core beneath the bark. The destruction this creature was capable of was terrifying.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "The first merchant ring she would find was already rattled upon her arrival, and were quick to start barking in frustration and alarm. Despite the fact they had amassed further inland of the island to try and avoid the potential encounter with whatever was attacking the boats and eating the sailors, the beast had managed to sneak up within the trees and appear in a seemingly violent rage - stampeding through their goods and tents and tossing a club tail and tusked head to break through anything it crossed."}, "post-95046": {"user": "Minerva", "user_num": 3640, "timestamp": "1580540443000", "message": "Minerva looks around some more to see if she can find some sort of trace of this monster. All she needs is a little bit of a trail to start tracking this beast. Whatever this thing is, it definitely is a powerful force to be reckoned with. By the looks of it, it seems to be able to breathe on land. Seems like Minerva will have to go do some shopping. She wonders around to find a place selling fresh meat that she can use as bait to lure the monster in. ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Minerva looks around some more to see if she can find some sort of trace of this monster. All she needs is a little bit of a trail to start tracking this beast. Whatever this thing is, it definitely is a powerful force to be reckoned with. By the looks of it, it seems to be able to breathe on land. Seems like Minerva will have to go do some shopping. She wonders around to find a place selling fresh meat that she can use as bait to lure the monster in. "}, "post-95059": {"user": "Momo the Storyteller", "user_num": 3675, "timestamp": "1580570963000", "message": "Drag marks and scratches in the dirt indicated the damned creature had gone back through the trees and across the beach - and disappeared back into the water, leaving rubble that it had hauled along from the wreckage along the way and broken planks of wood and torn fabrics floating just away from shore as it had been swept by the tide.Further venturing, however, would have Minerva stumble upon a small merchant's ship that had just pulled to shore and a few hearty men were pulling tug lines to help ensure the boat was wedged well in the sand to avoid it slipping away as they unloaded. Watching the work was a short, portly man with a greying, receding hairline of his short mop upon his head - nose buried within a small ledger book in his hands and making marks as crates and barrels were walked off the ship.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Drag marks and scratches in the dirt indicated the damned creature had gone back through the trees and across the beach - and disappeared back into the water, leaving rubble that it had hauled along from the wreckage along the way and broken planks of wood and torn fabrics floating just away from shore as it had been swept by the tide."}, "post-95094": {"user": "Minerva", "user_num": 3640, "timestamp": "1580619993000", "message": "Minerva approaches the portly man. \"Those boxes coming from the merchant ships is it possible for me to buy from them now or would I have to wait for them to finish unloading?\" It would be wise of her to gather some supplies before chasing after this monster. She might even have to buy some sort of wet suit. Minerva wouldn't want to get her day clothes wet and ruined especially when she's far from home. ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Minerva approaches the portly man. \"Those boxes coming from the merchant ships is it possible for me to buy from them now or would I have to wait for them to finish unloading?\" It would be wise of her to gather some supplies before chasing after this monster. She might even have to buy some sort of wet suit. Minerva wouldn't want to get her day clothes wet and ruined especially when she's far from home. "}, "post-95127": {"user": "Momo the Storyteller", "user_num": 3675, "timestamp": "1580701057000", "message": "The man spun around and peered up at the woman, scrutinizing the stranger carefully. It was rather uncommon to be sought upon landing, but she didn't seem to mean any harm. \"Mmmmm, it depends on what you're looking for. I may have it, I may not,\" he hummed, tipping his nose just a little bit higher as he attempted to stand up straight - a little peeved that she stood almost a head over him. \"What is it you are looking for, madam?\"There was a sudden shift of the ship and a bit of a wave rushed up on the far side of the hull out of nowhere. There was a bit of commotion from the sailors that were on board, and a single barrel was rocked free near the ramp so that it tumbled all the way down and landed with a heavy thud in the sand - the top popping partially free and letting several fresh, colorful crabs tumble out.The man jumped at the sound of the creaking barrel as it was damaged and turned, balling a small fist and shaking it up at the boat and his workers. \"CAREFUL WITH THAT, YOU IDIOTS! YOU DAMAGE OR LOSE ANYTHING AND I'LL MAKE SURE IT COMES OUT OF YOUR WAGES!\"", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "The man spun around and peered up at the woman, scrutinizing the stranger carefully. It was rather uncommon to be sought upon landing, but she didn't seem to mean any harm. \"Mmmmm, it depends on what you're looking for. I may have it, I may not,\" he hummed, tipping his nose just a little bit higher as he attempted to stand up straight - a little peeved that she stood almost a head over him. \"What is it you are looking for, madam?\""}, "post-95160": {"user": "Minerva", "user_num": 3640, "timestamp": "1580791817000", "message": "\"I'm looking for bait, the crab you have there would actually work perfectly. Some bait and a large net would probably do me well. Would you like any help with those boxes?\" Minerva looked at the sailors struggle to carry the boxes off the ship. She felt bad but also couldn't help but find the sight amusing. She wasn't quite sure what else was in those boxes but she figured asking a man about a wet suit of sorts probably isn't very ideal. Who knows, maybe she'll find one amongst those boxes and just pay the man his coins. Then again maybe it would be wise to wait for the beast to come back onto land. She probably wouldn't be able to fair well against the monster in its natural habitat. Never fight something on its home turf especially if you can't breathe underwater.  ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "\"I'm looking for bait, the crab you have there would actually work perfectly. Some bait and a large net would probably do me well. Would you like any help with those boxes?\" Minerva looked at the sailors struggle to carry the boxes off the ship. She felt bad but also couldn't help but find the sight amusing. She wasn't quite sure what else was in those boxes but she figured asking a man about a wet suit of sorts probably isn't very ideal. Who knows, maybe she'll find one amongst those boxes and just pay the man his coins. Then again maybe it would be wise to wait for the beast to come back onto land. She probably wouldn't be able to fair well against the monster in its natural habitat. Never fight something on its home turf especially if you can't breathe underwater.  "}, "post-95191": {"user": "Momo the Storyteller", "user_num": 3675, "timestamp": "1580831873000", "message": "The man huffed and grumbled as he turned around to look at Minerva again, shaking his head. \"Strong as bulls, almost as smart,\" he mumbled. \"Ahh, the crab is freshly caught - 6 silver a pound. I might be persuaded to part with one of our, hmmmmm, fishing nets,\" he purred, stroking his chin with the feather of his writing quill. \"They are a decent size - I hope they are big enough for you. BUT, because they are tools of my daily wares I can't part with them cheaply.\" His eyes moved down the woman's figure and back up to her face, a glint of mischief in his gaze within moments. \"I am inclined to make a lovely dove like you a deal at 20 gold for one-\"In an instant, there was another crashing wave that roared up on the beach near the boat - this time on the side of the speaking pair. It hit the ship and receded, but what was in the water didn't. A massive pair of tusks swung out of the blue and smashed through the rear end and shattering the sturdy wooden hull like it was glass. Between the tusks was a long, gaping maw lined with thick, jagged teeth inside scaly lips. The head rotated as it slammed to the sand with the mouth enclosing the barrel of crab almost entirely. And then it snapped the maw shut, completely biting down on the contents with little effort.The time it took to straighten it's head, continue chewing and working to swallow it's bite piece by piece was more than enough time for the sailor to bail from the wrecked ship and flee in terror - the merchant leading the charge on his stubby legs with a horrifying, shrill shriek of a girl and abandoning everything on his person.", "link_list": [], "image_list": ["https://i.pinimg.com/564x/24/d2/58/24d2587dfa26b488d7244ff8254d0c94.jpg"], "html": "<div>The man huffed and grumbled as he turned around to look at Minerva again, shaking his head. \"Strong as bulls, almost as smart,\" he mumbled. \"Ahh, the crab is freshly caught - 6 silver a pound. I might be persuaded to part with one of our, hmmmmm, <i>fishing nets</i>,\" he purred, stroking his chin with the feather of his writing quill. \"They are a decent size - I hope they are big enough for you. BUT, because they are tools of my daily wares I can't part with them cheaply.\" His eyes moved down the woman's figure and back up to her face, a glint of mischief in his gaze within moments. \"I am inclined to make a lovely dove like you a deal at 20 gold for one-\"</div>"}, "post-95204": {"user": "Minerva", "user_num": 3640, "timestamp": "1580874594000", "message": "\"I take that's a no on the net,\" Minerva says watching him run. The woman springs into action pulling out her whip lashing it out to wrap around one of the beast's tusks. She has made moderations to her whip and added in small pieces of sharp metal into the leather guaranteed to leave cuts on whatever the whip touched the only safe spot is the handle in Minerva's grip. \"here beasty boy, leave some crab for me. I heard its crab season.\" Minerva isn't afraid of being pulled by the monster, people often underestimate her strength. She gives a firm tug on the whip pulling the monster's closer to her...well assuming its a him. The beast is quite big of a creature but she's faced bigger foe. \"come here big boy. Mama wants to take a good look at you.\" The faster she gets this scaley being out of the water the better. ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "\"I take that's a no on the net,\" Minerva says watching him run. The woman springs into action pulling out her whip lashing it out to wrap around one of the beast's tusks. She has made moderations to her whip and added in small pieces of sharp metal into the leather guaranteed to leave cuts on whatever the whip touched the only safe spot is the handle in Minerva's grip. \"here beasty boy, leave some crab for me. I heard its crab season.\" "}, "post-95214": {"user": "Momo the Storyteller", "user_num": 3675, "timestamp": "1580879444000", "message": "The initial pull on the tusk, now firmly in the grasp of the spiny whip coil, jerked the head slightly - where it seemed to not give a damn as it continued to crunch down on the contents in it's mouth, a rather unnerving sound of creaking metal from the barrel's framework at one point that indicated it wasn't anywhere near strong enough against the jaw. However, the more effort that was exerted on the head and forcing it to bob slowly in Minerva's direction gained the beasts attention - starting in a very low, threatening hiss as the maw stilled it's bite. The wide eyes poised on the side of the head gave it a clear view of the woman, and the pitch slit pupil settled on her. It yanked back hard in return, looking to regain it's placement. It could smell more fresh goods in the wreckage it had created of the boat and wanted it.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "The initial pull on the tusk, now firmly in the grasp of the spiny whip coil, jerked the head slightly - where it seemed to not give a damn as it continued to crunch down on the contents in it's mouth, a rather unnerving sound of creaking metal from the barrel's framework at one point that indicated it wasn't anywhere near strong enough against the jaw. However, the more effort that was exerted on the head and forcing it to bob slowly in Minerva's direction gained the beasts attention - starting in a very low, threatening hiss as the maw stilled it's bite. The wide eyes poised on the side of the head gave it a clear view of the woman, and the pitch slit pupil settled on her. It yanked back hard in return, looking to regain it's placement. It could smell more fresh goods in the wreckage it had created of the boat and wanted it."}, "post-95215": {"user": "Minerva", "user_num": 3640, "timestamp": "1580879855000", "message": "Minerva laughed at its antics. \"not that easy beastie\" She said uncoiling her whip and striking out with it cutting through the exposed parts of his flesh. \"I'll make you come to me.\"  The good thing about her whip is it's like a sharp sword but with much more reach. She let out a ferocious yell challenging the monster. To her, this was all fun and games. Minerva has been injured many times by monsters but she's always flipped the lucky side of the coin. She recovered and got back to hunting monsters. The skin on this bad boy was tough to break through but with a few more good lashes she easily cuts through the hard rock-like skin. ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Minerva laughed at its antics. \"not that easy beastie\" She said uncoiling her whip and striking out with it cutting through the exposed parts of his flesh. \"I'll make you come to me.\"  The good thing about her whip is it's like a sharp sword but with much more reach. She let out a ferocious yell challenging the monster. To her, this was all fun and games. Minerva has been injured many times by monsters but she's always flipped the lucky side of the coin. She recovered and got back to hunting monsters. The skin on this bad boy was tough to break through but with a few more good lashes she easily cuts through the hard rock-like skin. "}, "post-95390": {"user": "Momo the Storyteller", "user_num": 3675, "timestamp": "1581225229000", "message": "Just the first snap of the bladed coil against the thick, leathery hide was met with a very menacing reaction as the body arched sharply away from her - the tusked head turning to point at Minerva with the maw parted and baring the jagged teeth while hissing loudly at her again. This was the final warning.The next snap actually sliced through the hide enough that it was more than felt, and the beast lunged towards her - the long, reptilian body swaying in a salamander shuffle on four powerful legs to close the distance in a few, short, terrifying seconds. However it wasn't the teeth aimed at her, rather than a wide but powerful throw of the tusks on it's head in an attempt to throw her out to the water.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Just the first snap of the bladed coil against the thick, leathery hide was met with a very menacing reaction as the body arched sharply away from her - the tusked head turning to point at Minerva with the maw parted and baring the jagged teeth while hissing loudly at her again. This was the final warning."}, "post-95400": {"user": "Minerva", "user_num": 3640, "timestamp": "1581232533000", "message": "Minerva chuckles as the beast swings his head down. She uses that momentum of his head to grab a hold of its tusks and try to swing herself onto the beast. \"let's go for a ride.\" Minerva says from her spot atop the monster. She pulls out a dagger and digs it deep into the neck of the beast before pulling it out and watching a spurt of blood shoot out of the wound. \"I am going to take you down no matter what.\" Minerva uses her other hand to hold onto a spike to stop herself from falling off.  ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Minerva chuckles as the beast swings his head down. She uses that momentum of his head to grab a hold of its tusks and try to swing herself onto the beast. \"let's go for a ride.\" Minerva says from her spot atop the monster. She pulls out a dagger and digs it deep into the neck of the beast before pulling it out and watching a spurt of blood shoot out of the wound. \"I am going to take you down no matter what.\" Minerva uses her other hand to hold onto a spike to stop herself from falling off.  "}, "post-95486": {"user": "Momo the Storyteller", "user_num": 3675, "timestamp": "1581402281000", "message": "The stab triggered another violent shake that had the massive head flailing side to side in a desperate attempt to remove the flea from it's back, as well as thrashing the dangerously clubbed tail though to no avail as it was not made to swing across it's back. Minerva had a relatively safe placement to avoid teeth, tail, tusks and claws. However it was only a few moments of bucking around that the creature realized it only had one option - to head for water. With all haste it made for the waves as they receded from the sand.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "The stab triggered another violent shake that had the massive head flailing side to side in a desperate attempt to remove the flea from it's back, as well as thrashing the dangerously clubbed tail though to no avail as it was not made to swing across it's back. Minerva had a relatively safe placement to avoid teeth, tail, tusks and claws. However it was only a few moments of bucking around that the creature realized it only had one option - to head for water. With all haste it made for the waves as they receded from the sand."}, "post-95503": {"user": "Minerva", "user_num": 3640, "timestamp": "1581449596000", "message": "\"oh no you don't\" Minerva wrapped her whip around the monsters throat pulling upwards strongly. The sharp bits of her whip digging into the vulnerable flesh. If she's lucky she might even behead the beast if she had the strength. She held on tight to her whip chocking the poor beast. Even if the beast decided to go into the water, he wasn't going to be able to get the whip off from around his neck. Minerva pulled the monster back away from his course of direction. ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "\"oh no you don't\" Minerva wrapped her whip around the monsters throat pulling upwards strongly. The sharp bits of her whip digging into the vulnerable flesh. If she's lucky she might even behead the beast if she had the strength. She held on tight to her whip chocking the poor beast. Even if the beast decided to go into the water, he wasn't going to be able to get the whip off from around his neck. Minerva pulled the monster back away from his course of direction. "}, "post-95560": {"user": "Momo the Storyteller", "user_num": 3675, "timestamp": "1581571313000", "message": "Though the underside of the body was, indeed, softer than the rest it did not slice too easily - though the bladed pieces dug right in and threatened to rend the flesh to a bloody mess. The beast hissed and ceased the shuffle to the water, instead it began to thrash side to side again rapidly in another attempt to dislodge the bug from it's back. The massive tail slammed to the sand repeatedly, kicking up a cloud of dust and particles over and over, as well as swing wild to accidently take more damaging swings to what remained of the boat. It was impossible to approach from the ground in this whirlwind of destruction, but at least Minerva was relatively safe from the direct impact from her seat.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Though the underside of the body was, indeed, softer than the rest it did not slice too easily - though the bladed pieces dug right in and threatened to rend the flesh to a bloody mess. The beast hissed and ceased the shuffle to the water, instead it began to thrash side to side again rapidly in another attempt to dislodge the bug from it's back. The massive tail slammed to the sand repeatedly, kicking up a cloud of dust and particles over and over, as well as swing wild to accidently take more damaging swings to what remained of the boat. It was impossible to approach from the ground in this whirlwind of destruction, but at least Minerva was relatively safe from the direct impact from her seat."}, "post-95567": {"user": "Minerva", "user_num": 3640, "timestamp": "1581624077000", "message": "Minerva scoffs at the beast as she pulls harder with both hands on her whip trying to suffocate the poor monster. She sat firmly on the beast her thighs squeezing tightly to secure her spot on its back. She could see that her whip is digging inch by inch deeper into the monster's neck. This isn't her first rodeo of monster riding. Minerva figured that after all of this she should apologize about all those destroyed ships. All she needed to do was focus more on not falling off. At least now, it's not heading into the water anymore. ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Minerva scoffs at the beast as she pulls harder with both hands on her whip trying to suffocate the poor monster. She sat firmly on the beast her thighs squeezing tightly to secure her spot on its back. She could see that her whip is digging inch by inch deeper into the monster's neck. This isn't her first rodeo of monster riding. Minerva figured that after all of this she should apologize about all those destroyed ships. All she needed to do was focus more on not falling off. At least now, it's not heading into the water anymore. "}, "post-95605": {"user": "Momo the Storyteller", "user_num": 3675, "timestamp": "1581781922000", "message": "As the edges drew deeper into the tough hide and the coil of the whip squeeze, the beast became more frantic in it's flailing as it couldn't seem to dislodge Minerva - and death was coming. With just a bit more pull, the snarling hissing became more gargled and the head was tipping back as far as the spine would allow (which wasn't particularly far) and the maw was lifted off the sand. The tail trembled instead of shook as it struggled for it's final breath of air and scrambled the four legs like mad.And then it began to grow still as an ungodly rattle emitted from it's open jaws, the tail thumping for the last time into the sand. An eerie quiet fell upon the pair of them as the last air of lift left the beast's body.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "As the edges drew deeper into the tough hide and the coil of the whip squeeze, the beast became more frantic in it's flailing as it couldn't seem to dislodge Minerva - and death was coming. With just a bit more pull, the snarling hissing became more gargled and the head was tipping back as far as the spine would allow (which wasn't particularly far) and the maw was lifted off the sand. The tail trembled instead of shook as it struggled for it's final breath of air and scrambled the four legs like mad."}, "post-95623": {"user": "Minerva", "user_num": 3640, "timestamp": "1581889566000", "message": "Minerva hopped off the beast and closed the monster's eyes. She always gave these beasts a moment of silence. Most of them aren't evil, they're just doing what they have to. If there was a quicker way to kill them then she would've done that but most of these beasts deaths were slow and agonizing in her hands. She looked around trying to figure where she might go to tell that the job is done and the beast is no more. ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Minerva hopped off the beast and closed the monster's eyes. She always gave these beasts a moment of silence. Most of them aren't evil, they're just doing what they have to. If there was a quicker way to kill them then she would've done that but most of these beasts deaths were slow and agonizing in her hands. She looked around trying to figure where she might go to tell that the job is done and the beast is no more. "}, "post-95671": {"user": "Momo the Storyteller", "user_num": 3675, "timestamp": "1581996939000", "message": "Sadly, there was little to be had or anyone to be seen in the area. The arrival of the monster had trashed the ship to nothing but remains and crates of loot and goods. The only thing Minerva was left with was the corpse of the massive creature - with hide that could rival common leather armors, valuable ivory tusks that were several inches thick, dense bones all throughout and even in the clubbed tail, and enough rich meat to handsomely feed a village for months.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Sadly, there was little to be had or anyone to be seen in the area. The arrival of the monster had trashed the ship to nothing but remains and crates of loot and goods. The only thing Minerva was left with was the corpse of the massive creature - with hide that could rival common leather armors, valuable ivory tusks that were several inches thick, dense bones all throughout and even in the clubbed tail, and enough rich meat to handsomely feed a village for months."}, "post-95690": {"user": "Minerva", "user_num": 3640, "timestamp": "1582054696000", "message": "Minerva decided to scavenge what can be used of the animal and donated the meat to the towns people as well as some bones that can surely be filed and made into better weapons. Minerva only took as much tusk, bones, and hide as she needed and gave the rest to the townspeople. She didn't mind that there was no pay. Sometimes there's monsters, sometimes there's money. Rarely both. That's just how things went around these parts. ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Minerva decided to scavenge what can be used of the animal and donated the meat to the towns people as well as some bones that can surely be filed and made into better weapons. Minerva only took as much tusk, bones, and hide as she needed and gave the rest to the townspeople. She didn't mind that there was no pay. Sometimes there's monsters, sometimes there's money. Rarely both. That's just how things went around these parts. "}}