{"post-78839": {"user": null, "user_num": null, "timestamp": "1516919468000", "message": "Liath M\u00f2r\u00a0The Liath\u00a0M\u00f2r is known to the Fae as Great Gray, a castle that is carved from the highest mountain in the Unseelie lands. Its architecture is grand and exact, no detail forgotten, no slab out of place. It towers above Calpa Deigh, the capital city of the Winter House, which wraps itself at the base of the castle.During the rare moments that the clouds part and the sun's rays hit the Liath M\u00f2r, the castle will glisten brilliantly, giving any onlookers a sight to behold. Otherwise, the mountain is laden thick with an ominous fog, sometimes hidden from view.Visitors of the Winter House do not have a pleasant experience climbing the mountain up to the Liath M\u00f2r. Other than the treacherous, unforgiving hike laid ahead, one will experience a creeping paranoia and anxiety scratching at one's mind. Sometimes it starts with shadows darting at the side of your vision, or maybe one will hear whispers spoken within their ears, or footsteps on their tail, only to find there was nothing really there at all. Maybe there'll be an ominous wail in the distance... eyes peeking at you through the trees... cold hands grasping at your ankles. The symptoms only get worse as one moves\u00a0further up the mountain.One thing is for sure: your sanity is not guaranteed!", "link_list": [], "image_list": ["https://i.imgur.com/0t0jUVb.jpg"], "html": "<div style=\"text-align:center;\"><i><font size=\"5\">Liath M\u00f2r</font>\u00a0</i></div>"}, "post-79972": {"user": null, "user_num": null, "timestamp": "1519608324000", "message": "The sky was dark and overcast upon the return of the Winter Queen. The fae of Calpa Deigh had lined up in the streets to watch her, walking stoically through the town. There were no cheers or pleads, not even a clap. For such a densely populated city, it was eerily quiet. The only sound was Isolde's footsteps, like snow falling to the ground. She traversed the cliffs and slopes up to Liath M\u00f2r with an effortless grace, as she had done many times before.Once she reached the castle, she stormed to the balcony, where she could survey the people of Calpa Deigh. They gazed up at her with eyes like her own, alien and distant, as many of the winter fae were. The snowstorm grew in its intensity as the moments passed, tensions rising as they waited for her to speak.When at last she opened her mouth, the wind howled and carried her voice down to the fae below.\"I have returned from the meeting with the Tyrant. Many changes shall be taking place,\" she started, letting her eyes pass over the faces before her. \"In one month's time, there will be war. The houses shall no longer be restricted from the battles we once waged before the Tyrant decimated our way of life. We must prepare while we still can. I want council with my best combatants. I shall speak to each of you in turn.\"\"We will also be visited by the Voice of Gold, an envoy of the Tyrant and a former servant of the Summer Court. Do not touch him as he passes through. Such a violation will be met with death. That is a promise.\"Isolde turned and left the balcony curtly and strode into the throne room, waiting for her fighters to assemble.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "The sky was dark and overcast upon the return of the Winter Queen. The fae of Calpa Deigh had lined up in the streets to watch her, walking stoically through the town. There were no cheers or pleads, not even a clap. For such a densely populated city, it was eerily quiet. The only sound was Isolde's footsteps, like snow falling to the ground. She traversed the cliffs and slopes up to Liath M\u00f2r with an effortless grace, as she had done many times before."}, "post-80001": {"user": "Evony", "user_num": 2867, "timestamp": "1519757301000", "message": "Evony stood, snow-speckled and stoic at the back of the gathered crowd that swelled in the shadow of Liath M\u00f2r. Many glanced back at her, their brows barely furrowing as their frosty exterior remained unbroken despite the new Queen\u2019s words. Whether the looks were because they recognised her, or simply due to the fact that her dark and painted appearance stood out starkly, she wasn\u2019t sure. Although this was her home, Evony was no stranger to being a stranger.She had been gone for a long time. The war had nearly ruined her, and the order to tear down the Crags of Ithilmir after all that had happened finally brought her to breaking point. Evony had once not only been one of the truest and strongest forces in the north, but the same would have been said of her friendship with the Queen. It has long been told that time was the best healer, but Evony had travelled far and wide in search of something more potent; to no avail.Through the snowfall, she watched Isolde retreat with purpose into the towers of ice and remained still as those before her started to bustle. Evony\u2019s hatred of the Tyrant in Gold almost had a taste to it, like blood and ashes that she had to swallow down towards her heart that ached whenever she thought about what had passed. A sweetness such as revenge would be welcomed. As would her ascent into the mountains.  She made her way with the help of the storm which carried her far better than her wings ever had. They remained bound, broken yet still somewhat beautiful as they fell like a cloak behind her. People would whisper and some might point. But she arrived at the head of those willing to present herself and strode into the foyer as she had a thousand times before, her slick black hair a contrasting ribbon that danced with the excitement she managed to hide.\u201cI expect this to be handled on a first come, first served basis\u201d she announced.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Evony stood, snow-speckled and stoic at the back of the gathered crowd that swelled in the shadow of Liath M\u00f2r. Many glanced back at her, their brows barely furrowing as their frosty exterior remained unbroken despite the new Queen\u2019s words. Whether the looks were because they recognised her, or simply due to the fact that her dark and painted appearance stood out starkly, she wasn\u2019t sure. Although this was her home, Evony was no stranger to being a stranger."}, "post-80019": {"user": null, "user_num": null, "timestamp": "1519873350000", "message": "Walking through the foyer and down the icy hallways of Liath M\u00f2r, the battle-scarred sidhe would observe many walking through the halls, not with haste, but not to stroll. Each fae had a task, and those tasks were to be done on time and with poise. They did their jobs well, as not one thing was out of place.Guarding the doors to the throne room were two dullahan, each dressed in armor dyed with the dark blues and stark whites of their court. In one hand, they held wicked spears made of ice, shaped and hardened by magic. In their other hands, they firmly grasped the hair of their heads, which hung by their knees. They gazed at Evony for a stoic, silent moment, perhaps in recognition, perhaps in suspicion or contempt, before the doors swung open, and they allowed her through.The throne room may have given the winged fae a nostalgic trip to the past, as it had barely changed since Ithilmir's death a year prior. Every inch of it was built from ice, great pillars and carvings on the walls depicting the rise and fall of many rulers over the Winter Court, now the House of Winter. That, too, was added to the carvings, with Ithilmir's head and her crown being given to the image of Isolde and the depiction of a broken kingdom.Isolde sat upon the throne, which arched down from the ceiling in the shape of a mighty hand reaching down from the heavens. Some mused that this was the hand of the Grey Man of the Mountain, the first ruler of the Winter Fae. None had lived so long as to remember if the rumors spoken were true, though the great giant was the first carving upon the walls, above the throne.The current Queen looked down upon the winged fae before her with an inscrutable expression. Even her white eyes did not betray her emotions.\"If the first to come are the finest among them, then that would be true,\" said Isolde. \"And I believe that this would ring true for you, if memory serves right. Welcome back, Evony. You have arrived just in time.\"", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Walking through the foyer and down the icy hallways of Liath M\u00f2r, the battle-scarred sidhe would observe many walking through the halls, not with haste, but not to stroll. Each fae had a task, and those tasks were to be done on time and with poise. They did their jobs well, as not one thing was out of place."}, "post-80580": {"user": "Evony", "user_num": 2867, "timestamp": "1521286825000", "message": "Evony did little to hide her distaste for the Dullahan, but just enough to stop her from introducing her boots to those vile heads. Her lips were pursed as she tilted her head subtly this way and that, taking in the grandeur that she was no longer accustomed to. It was all so familiar, but the atmosphere couldn\u2019t have been more different. It felt as though something beyond the suspicious gazes was watching her, tousling her energy and threatening to melt the pillars to the ground. She averted her own eyes as they began to draw to the finale of the story that was carved into the walls. Isolde was an equally as grand sight. \u201cIt feels as though I have been gone for far longer, when I look at you. Queenship is becoming of you. However, just in time? No, I fear it is too late. My journey through the crags was changed, to say the least... As for the war and imposters, both uninvited. It is devastating.\u201dHer stony expression then broke as her red lips spread into a smile that was a disturbing mixture of sweet and sly.\u201cI hope that is acceptance of my services. There shall always be another enemy, no matter how many moons come and pass. But I believe we have a more immediate one, before another leaf dares to fall in our territory.\u201d", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Evony did little to hide her distaste for the Dullahan, but just enough to stop her from introducing her boots to those vile heads. Her lips were pursed as she tilted her head subtly this way and that, taking in the grandeur that she was no longer accustomed to. It was all so familiar, but the atmosphere couldn\u2019t have been more different. It felt as though something beyond the suspicious gazes was watching her, tousling her energy and threatening to melt the pillars to the ground. She averted her own eyes as they began to draw to the finale of the story that was carved into the walls. Isolde was an equally as grand sight. "}, "post-80730": {"user": null, "user_num": null, "timestamp": "1521689414000", "message": "\"Astute observation. It is my desire to reclaim the lands of Autumn, however, dominating Queen Hayzea of Vivrenyde will never be an easy task. Sheer strength and powerful magic will not be enough to crush her. Everything she touches decays, as do the leaves of summer after they have fallen to the ground. Strategy will be our true advantage against the House of Autumn.\"Isolde rose from her throne and, with a stride so smooth any bobble of footsteps seemed nonexistent, came eye to eye with Evony. \"You were an incredibly talented asset in Ithilmir's army. As it is that we learn from our mistakes, I suspect you will be additionally capable in mine. I have been invited to meet with Queen Hayzea. I suspect that she will offer kinship until we have dominated the other houses. Though this would prove advantageous to some of our goals, it is not what we truly desire. The House of Autumn is not to be trusted, and thus it must be dominated. We will do what we can to learn of them. I expect you to use this information wisely.\"", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "\"Astute observation. It is my desire to reclaim the lands of Autumn, however, dominating Queen Hayzea of Vivrenyde will never be an easy task. Sheer strength and powerful magic will not be enough to crush her. Everything she touches decays, as do the leaves of summer after they have fallen to the ground. Strategy will be our true advantage against the House of Autumn.\""}, "post-80838": {"user": "Evony", "user_num": 2867, "timestamp": "1521934200000", "message": "Evony had to swallow a scoff as the talk of Queen Hayzea began. It was no secret that she was still bitter; both by the sheer fact that the division was implemented, and about who was chosen to sit atop the throne. A ridiculous choice, if anyone were to ask her. A statement she would outwardly make. It was as though Hayzea was lifted purely to stir the atmosphere further. Something that Evony would not put past the Tyrant in Gold.As Isolde approached, she did not move an inch. Her hands had made their way to her hips, an appropriate, slightly standoffish stance that was suitable for whenever the Autumn Queen was brought up. Her own deep eyes met the pearlescent ones that expected her.She knew the suggested alliance was practically unavoidable, but when spoke aloud her expression finally broke into a displeased sort of grimace. One of her also wings jittered a little, a strange spasm that she had learned to no longer be embarrassed by. \u201cI understand, but we are both looking for the stumble that will bring each other down to the ground. It is a very dangerous game to play. Our veils must be fully closed and opaque, for I refuse to be beaten at our own game by such a whimsical leader. I vow to serve you as I did your sister. Loyal but always honest, valiant but always conscious. Through until the end, however that may come.Save your trust from those you cannot confide in, I promise I can take it all.\u201dA stir from the guards near the entrance finished her bid, and her head twisted some to listen.\u201cThough I am slightly questionable of those who still maintain your trust\u201d Evony finished.She meant the Dullahan. ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Evony had to swallow a scoff as the talk of Queen Hayzea began. It was no secret that she was still bitter; both by the sheer fact that the division was implemented, and about who was chosen to sit atop the throne. A ridiculous choice, if anyone were to ask her. A statement she would outwardly make. It was as though Hayzea was lifted purely to stir the atmosphere further. Something that Evony would not put past the Tyrant in Gold."}, "post-80988": {"user": null, "user_num": null, "timestamp": "1522208329000", "message": "There was no laughter, not even a smile from the Winter Queen as Evony voiced her allegiance. Veils, fully closed and opaque, as the winged fae said. Despite this, Isolde was not against voicing her approval when she felt it genuine.\"This is more than acceptable. Let this promise signify the beginning of Winter's reign,\" she told Evony, raising a hand toward the walls. The pictures carved into the ice were suddenly overtaken by layers of frost, building itself into the great tree of Vivrenyde with Isolde at its base, towering over a crumpled and defeated Hayzea. A depiction of Evony floated at the Winter Queen's side.Isolde closed her hand, causing the image to crumble away. The carvings were only meant to depict events that were already in the past, not things that were yet to come.In response to the problem with the Dullahan, Isolde beckoned toward the doors, which thrust open with little effort from the ice fae. \"Treasach,\" she called. \"Cathair!\"Without skipping a beat, both guards entered and stood before them like statues, waiting for further word from their queen. She looked them over and stared them down. Isolde raised a hand and motioned toward her fellow she-fae and demanded, \"As of today, you shall look to Evony as your general, above even Thena Azureye. You are to obey her orders unless they are in conflict with my own. Understood?\"The Dullahan bowed their heads and knelt to the ground instantly, silently voicing their approval. Isolde looked at Evony expectantly.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "There was no laughter, not even a smile from the Winter Queen as Evony voiced her allegiance. Veils, fully closed and opaque, as the winged fae said. Despite this, Isolde was not against voicing her approval when she felt it genuine."}, "post-81185": {"user": "Evony", "user_num": 2867, "timestamp": "1522693496000", "message": "Evony had watched the prophecy freeze into life, her smile growing with every icy crystal added to the scene. And then, as it disintegrated with Isolde\u2019s gesture, her own breeze caught up the remains and carried them like snow; a wish, away with the wind.An unusual warmth was spreading within her. From being home, from being accepted and from how she couldn\u2019t have asked for anything more of this moment. But there was more. Only as Isolde invited the following company did her pleasure falter.There were some beings that she had not managed to miss even the slightest since her departure. Two of them made their entrance and stood beside her, far too close for comfort. Evony was aware that this was what she had signed on for, so simply pursed her lips and waited for further instruction with just as much respect as the pair beside her. Though she believed she did it with more style...The sudden promotion was quite the thing to take in her stride. At the Queen\u2019s words and the Dullahan\u2019s acceptance, all she could do was bow her head also, which helped in her attempt to hide her slightly shocked expression. \u201cMy Queen\u201d Evony said in short thanks.This was something she could easily get used to. The responsibility was welcomed after all these years of being quite the single storm. But mostly, the feeling was something she attributed to the fact that she finally had the high ground that she felt she deserved. And perhaps she could learn something from these creatures that she\u2019d avoided and nearly despised for such a long time. Some balancing skills, at least. The Dullahan were loyal, worshipping, even. And as they knelt before them she was still sceptical, imagining that Treasach, at least, would have something to say.\u201cWhat would you have us do first?\u201d", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Evony had watched the prophecy freeze into life, her smile growing with every icy crystal added to the scene. And then, as it disintegrated with Isolde\u2019s gesture, her own breeze caught up the remains and carried them like snow; a wish, away with the wind."}, "post-81256": {"user": "Judikael", "user_num": 2945, "timestamp": "1522808612000", "message": "The Golden Tyrant was a pretender. He was no more worthy to sit upon his throne than these peasants were to look upon the graceful beauty of his beloved Queen. @isolde was the true leader of the Fae as her beauty, skill and wisdom knew no bounds. It was a mistake in reality he would spend his undeath in the pursuit of rectifying. It was not merely that he believed his Queen was wrongfully denied her position, but that reality itself had made a mistake. It was the speculation of insanity, of centuries of obsessive loyalty. Yet, that was to be expected. Although his insanity may have been different than the next Fae's, each were deeply disturbed in some way. The headless rider's skull was fastened securely to his belt, and he snapped the reigns of Gan, his faithful steed. It carried him to the citadel, just as the two guardian Dullahan entered. He dismounted then, wondering what could be the reason for their dereliction. With that thought he stepped through the gates, seeing his Queen, delegating the two warriors to another. \"My Queen Isolde,\" he spoke, though did not approach them entirely before taking a single knee. At his waist, the skull's eyes glowed in two sickly green pinpoints of light with his words. His voice was like the cracking surface of a pond. Crisp and clear, although with a chill that threatened to drag you down to its private oblivion. \"I am here to assure you of my unending service.\"", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "The Golden Tyrant was a pretender. He was no more worthy to sit upon his throne than these peasants were to look upon the graceful beauty of his beloved Queen. @isolde was the true leader of the Fae as her beauty, skill and wisdom knew no bounds. It was a mistake in reality he would spend his undeath in the pursuit of rectifying. It was not merely that he believed his Queen was wrongfully denied her position, but that reality itself had made a mistake. It was the speculation of insanity, of centuries of obsessive loyalty. Yet, that was to be expected. Although his insanity may have been different than the next Fae's, each were deeply disturbed in some way. "}, "post-81263": {"user": null, "user_num": null, "timestamp": "1522814287000", "message": "Evony's struggle to hide her surprise pleased Isolde. Though often seen as a sign of weakness, the Winter Queen felt that when one struggled so much to keep gratitude from showing, then it was truly genuine. She opened her mouth to answer the winged fae right as another dullahan entered the room. His face was almost as familiar to her as her sister's own, as he had been with her nearly as long.\"Judikael,\" announced Isolde. \"You have answered my call promptly. You might remember Evony, who fought in the war alongside Ithilmir. Her talents were well renowned and she is now a general, equal to your rank. Evony, this is Judikael, who has been my personal guard for quite some time. His loyalty knows no bounds. You two shall work together for the task I now have at hand: rally our numbers and find those most talented among the wild fae who have yet to pledge their hearts to a house. Let them know that war once again shall be waged and give them a warning: if they do not pick a side, then they will be caught in a fatal crossfire, whether they like it or not. We have no time to waste. Summer is still strong and Hayzea, Queen of Vivrenyde, will not dally. Spring is a mystery but I do not intend to keep it that way.\"", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Evony's struggle to hide her surprise pleased Isolde. Though often seen as a sign of weakness, the Winter Queen felt that when one struggled so much to keep gratitude from showing, then it was truly genuine. She opened her mouth to answer the winged fae right as another dullahan entered the room. His face was almost as familiar to her as her sister's own, as he had been with her nearly as long."}, "post-81306": {"user": "Evony", "user_num": 2867, "timestamp": "1522953841000", "message": "Yes, these Dullahan surely did leave something to be desired when it came to their style. But that was just personal preference, and a rigidness of her own that made her find bowing uncomfortable on many planes. Evony acknowledged Judikael with the slightest of nods. Eye contact seemed like far too much effort. Yet, whilst she may question his very unpleasant existence, his announcement had woven no illusions. She believed him to be as loyal as he claimed, although whether this was enough merit to make her feel secure throughout this \u2018working together\u2019 business, she was unsure.\u201cMy Queen\u201d Evony started in agreeance after Isolde\u2019s instructions \u201cI am no stranger to the less-travelled parts of our region, and I can reach near every valley, crag and treetop. It shall be done. The winds will start whispering immediately.\u201d", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Yes, these Dullahan surely did leave something to be desired when it came to their style. But that was just personal preference, and a rigidness of her own that made her find bowing uncomfortable on many planes. "}, "post-81307": {"user": "Judikael", "user_num": 2945, "timestamp": "1522955135000", "message": "When directed towards Evony, the Dullahan's torso turned slightly, the sockets of his eyes glowing a baleful orange for a moment in response. It was difficult to read what you might call an expression, and yet one who knew him would realize that it was the light of his eyes, as well as the state of the mist, which before had been green and now orange, rose from the hollow collar of his polished breastplate. \"I remember Evony, my Queen. I do not question her ability as a General. What I question is her loyalty.\" His words were harsh, and the firey mist flickered with his adamant declarations. \"For she yet lives while our previous Queen lie lain! I realize it is not my place to question your judgement my Queen, but I beg you to reconsider giving this failure another chance. At best she's a fool, for she did not do her duty properly. At worst she's a traitor, working for the Golden Tyrant himself! Either offense is fit for execution, not promotion!\"", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "When directed towards Evony, the Dullahan's torso turned slightly, the sockets of his eyes glowing a baleful orange for a moment in response. It was difficult to read what you might call an expression, and yet one who knew him would realize that it was the light of his eyes, as well as the state of the mist, which before had been green and now orange, rose from the hollow collar of his polished breastplate. "}, "post-81351": {"user": null, "user_num": null, "timestamp": "1523146767000", "message": "\"Sufficient. May your words be as convincing as their reach is vast,\" said Isolde. She flicked a hand, dismissing Treasach and Cathair. They knew it was only them who were to leave, her will imposed onto them with a faint bit of magic. Once they were gone, Isolde narrowed her eyes at Judikael.\"Mince your words, Judikael. We do not speak ill of the Tyrant in Gold here. He has shown his worthy influence over Tir la Morr. Had Evony been a traitor you would be dead where you stand. Perhaps you do not truly understand the Tyrant's power, Judikael: your loyalty is appreciated but it also blinds you. Ithilmir was the most powerful of the Winter Court. It was her duty to protect those that lived here, and she understood that. For that, she perished. Evony did what she could, but for all her faults she has learned.\"The Queen turned toward her throne, striding towards it with the same grace as before. \"You shall respect my decision to promote Evony, as much as you will respect and work alongside her. Away. There is no time to waste.\"", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "\"Sufficient. May your words be as convincing as their reach is vast,\" said Isolde. She flicked a hand, dismissing Treasach and Cathair. They knew it was only them who were to leave, her will imposed onto them with a faint bit of magic. Once they were gone, Isolde narrowed her eyes at Judikael."}, "post-81393": {"user": "Evony", "user_num": 2867, "timestamp": "1523192158000", "message": "An angry flush threatened to creep its way up her neck and onto her cheeks. Evony kept her eyes fixed forwards, if only to stop them rolling. She was insulted at the insinuation that it was her job to protect the former Queen; insulted for Ithilmir, as though Evony held any power above her own. But she attempted to shake it off, for as Isolde had put it, the creature seemed blinded. Whether it be by loyalty or his own sheer foolishness, she didn\u2019t know, but the way he spoke so openly about his hatred for the Tyrant in Gold had her on edge and she shifted uneasily under the weight of an invisible gaze. Besides, she didn\u2019t think these Dullahan had a true understanding of love and loss in all of its forms.And so she bowed her head at their dismissal and turned to leave promptly in a cascade of hair, wings and fabric. She then spoke to Judikael quietly, almost under her breath.\u201cI must first travel to the highest of the crags to deliver this message. In the meantime, I suggest you formulate a plan to propose on what you believe to be the best way to go about this from your unique circumstances. And I promise you... If you dare to take matters into your own hands concerning your qualms with me, I will make sure that your sorry form will be in a thousand more pieces than it already is.\u201dHer hushed voice carried more of a matter-of-fact tone than a threatening one. As Evony then picked up her pace, she wondered If this would be her final time in the halls of Liath Mor. In most senses \u2013 yes - it may be. But her memory would always remain in ice, for that prophecy was to come true...", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "An angry flush threatened to creep its way up her neck and onto her cheeks. Evony kept her eyes fixed forwards, if only to stop them rolling. She was insulted at the insinuation that it was her job to protect the former Queen; insulted for Ithilmir, as though Evony held any power above her own. But she attempted to shake it off, for as Isolde had put it, the "}, "post-81402": {"user": "Judikael", "user_num": 2945, "timestamp": "1523223072000", "message": "Judikael to his small credit disposed of his doubts at the words of his queen, although if he even heard Evony's promise he made no motion to acknowledge her. His opinion was moot in the face of queen's trust for this failure of a fae and he had no intent on challenging her, even at the cost of his pride for anything short of obvious betrayal. \"I speak out of turn, and beg your apologies.\" He asked of the pale, willowy woman, whom he had known for so many years. His flames became green once more, a symbol of his subservience, a color spared only for Isolde herself.\"I shall find whom I can to aid our cause, and know I shall never rest until I have your satisfaction.\"He noting their uneasy beating as he questioned the Tyrant, yet that was one offense that burned within his hollow breast. The Tyrant was not deserving of more respect than his queen.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Judikael to his small credit disposed of his doubts at the words of his queen, although if he even heard Evony's promise he made no motion to acknowledge her. His opinion was moot in the face of queen's trust for this failure of a fae and he had no intent on challenging her, even at the cost of his pride for anything short of obvious betrayal. "}, "post-81599": {"user": null, "user_num": null, "timestamp": "1523641477000", "message": "It seems that the battle between the houses weren't the only ones that Isolde would have to worry about. There was a battle within her own house, one that she would have to quell with time before they truly went to war. Observing both Judikael and Evony, she wondered how Ithilmir was able to achieve the unanimous peace and loyalty that she had garnered in the Court of Winter. The woman didn't have the same mask as Isolde... but she had been terrifying. The woman had been the essence of foreboding terror, never relying on the crown where Isolde used its power as a crutch.They all had room to grow, the fae woman thought. The House of Winter was weaker now, broken without Ithilmir, but it would rise again. With the notorious dullahan soldiers, like Judikael, and veteran generals like Evony, Winter would rise again. Evony would rise far higher than her sister could ever dream: it was a promise.\"Then away, and put aside your differences. We are, as one, the House of Winter.\"", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "It seems that the battle between the houses weren't the only ones that Isolde would have to worry about. There was a battle within her own house, one that she would have to quell with time before they truly went to war. Observing both Judikael and Evony, she wondered how Ithilmir was able to achieve the unanimous peace and loyalty that she had garnered in the Court of Winter. The woman didn't have the same mask as Isolde... but she had been terrifying. The woman had been the essence of foreboding terror, never relying on the crown where Isolde used its power as a crutch."}, "post-82137": {"user": "Judikael", "user_num": 2945, "timestamp": "1524518172000", "message": "\"We are as one, the House of Winter.\" Judikael repeated his Queen's words and giving a final bow, retreated. He had been given his orders and though his desire was to stay near Isolde and defend her as he had done before, but her orders were absolute. Once outside the castle he waved a hand, bringing Gan, his noble steed to his side and he swung himself astride the magnificent beast.  Then, with a flick of the reigns he was off, leaving his frozen capital behind in search of new recruits. ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "\"We are as one, the House of Winter.\" Judikael repeated his Queen's words and giving a final bow, retreated. He had been given his orders and though his desire was to stay near Isolde and defend her as he had done before, but her orders were absolute. Once outside the castle he waved a hand, bringing Gan, his noble steed to his side and he swung himself astride the magnificent beast.  "}}