{"post-48974": {"user": "The Steelscape", "user_num": 1801, "timestamp": "1473283719000", "message": "Founded over a millennium ago, The Steelscape started out as a shanty town of sorts for various monsters and humanoid creatures who faced persecution at the hands of humans and other more well-regarded races. Built on the remains of a more advanced but extinct civilization that had created the cavern and the portals to it, The Steelscape grew rapidly, filling the cavern.For the next five hundred years or so, The Steelscape lacked any strong form of government or central power. Various factions maintained a grasp on parts of the city and frequent fights would break out between them. Then Archlord Astaroth came to The Steelscape. At first, he was merely a successful businessman, creating Equinox Industries.Over the next few decades, however, Equinox Industries grew and grew, becoming an all-encompassing company that controlled the majority of industries in The Steelscape. The few factions that had previously been in power began to weaken and crumble as they lost business and power to this new force.This was when Astaroth made his move. Knowing that the faction leaders would move against him soon as they could see his growing power, he made the first move himself. Using his wide array of resources, he hired a number of the best assassins in The Steelscape, buying the loyalty of many of the faction leaders own best assassins. In a single day, nearly all the faction leaders and their associates were wiped out.The Steelscape was on the verge of chaos, what little control it had previously been under, now gone. This is when the Archlord made his offer to the city, he would help keep everything in a reasonable condition, using his own money and resources to help improve the city's living condition. In return, they would follow the few laws he put in place and obey him in times of crisis. This bargain remains in effect to present day and Equinox Industries remains quite the economic force.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Founded over a millennium ago, The Steelscape started out as a shanty town of sorts for various monsters and humanoid creatures who faced persecution at the hands of humans and other more well-regarded races. Built on the remains of a more advanced but extinct civilization that had created the cavern and the portals to it, The Steelscape grew rapidly, filling the cavern."}}