{"post-40288": {"user": "Doobie du Shoobie", "user_num": 250, "timestamp": "1465082140000", "message": "Kobold wizard and Stand Master, Doobie du-Shoobie has recently learned of a weapon capable of bestowing supernatural/paranormal powers onto otherwise normal people, making them into Stand Users. Doobie has come to encounter 3 Stand Users previously, and most of them were dangerous, if someone is going around giving people these powers, they could end up in the hands of bad people. Doobie's mission is to find whoever has this Atlatl and Dart before they create someone with powers unimaginable!Doobie is very powerful, but from his latest battle he has found that he can't go it alone. He needs to find an apprentice or ally who can help him fight the enemies that stand in between him and the artifacts. Those who possess the paranormal power of Stand are drawn to each other as if they are connected by the red thread of destiny, and will therefore always find each other even without intending to. They could be anyone and they could be good or bad, it is an unknown factor that Doobie is at risk to.Doobie is aware of the previous wielder of the Spirit Atlatl and Dart, a red-haired priest, but does not know who currently holds it. Whoever it is, has a secret agenda and must be stopped.Doobie can be found wandering the Open Lands.(If you would like to make a character that has a Stand to interact with Doobie, Whether they be an ally or enemy, please PM me and we can work out the details of your abilities! Stands have a particular nature and can be very kooky, crazy, and/or astonishing.)", "link_list": [""], "image_list": [], "html": "Kobold wizard and Stand Master, Doobie du-Shoobie has recently learned of a weapon capable of bestowing supernatural/paranormal powers onto otherwise normal people, making them into Stand Users. Doobie has come to encounter 3 Stand Users previously, and most of them were dangerous, if someone is going around giving people these powers, they could end up in the hands of bad people. Doobie's mission is to find whoever has this Atlatl and Dart before they create someone with powers unimaginable!"}, "post-40389": {"user": "Ralf Valgard, the White Wolf", "user_num": 451, "timestamp": "1465130244000", "message": "While I do not intend on putting Ralf up for this, I would like to know what Stand means.  The lore here seems kind of vague, and I want to make sure I put a character here that would make sense.  I've had an idea for a character in mind who might fit here, but I'd like to know more first, thanks in advance!", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "While I do not intend on putting Ralf up for this, I would like to know what Stand means.  The lore here seems kind of vague, and I want to make sure I put a character here that would make sense.  I've had an idea for a character in mind who might fit here, but I'd like to know more first, thanks in advance!"}, "post-40400": {"user": "Doobie du Shoobie", "user_num": 250, "timestamp": "1465149394000", "message": "Aye! I'll gladly give a tutorial on what a Stand is.A Stand are a sort of guardian spirit that will defend and empower their users in a variety of ways, and when revealed may be represented by figures hovering near to them. It is called a Stand because it stands by you. It is the manifestation of an individual's innate \"fighting spirit\" and represents, to an extent, the individual's psyche.To people without the power of the Stand (or do not have any magic affinity), who normally cannot see them, the activities of the Stands are comparable to ghostly and poltergeist activity, and ESP. A stand's powers usually derive from the user's own talents and abilities, but otherwise can be anything. The name of a Stand is a reference to real life music (Albums, Band names, Song names); Examples of Stand names: Starman(song by David Bowie), Savage Garden(Australian band), Great Pretender(song by Freddy Mercury), Crazy Diamond (namesake Shine On You Crazy Diamond by Pink Floyd). A Stand's name will be related to the powers or appearance they have usually (Gold Dust has the power to transmute non-living material to Gold, Get Lucky has luck based powers, Aqua Necklace has powers relating to water) but some names have nothing to do with their powers (Red Hot Chili Pepper has electricity powers), usually the powers will be based on some aspect of the music they are named after such as drawing inspiration from lyrics to make the abilities.Despite their power, Stands hold one drawback: any damage the Stand receives is transmitted to its user (i.e. if a Stand's leg were to be ripped off, the Stand's user will have his or her leg severed as well). Though some Stands are immune to this factor, such as Stands with armor on and a majority of non-humanoid Stands overall, usually if a Stand is Bound to an object, it being damaged won't affect the user, an example being @connor 's Silverline. A Stand's energy or power is inversely proportional to their operating range. The further a Stand is from its user, the weaker it becomes \u2013 Long-range Stands and/or Stands' long-range abilities are simpler in mechanism.When a Stand is defeated, their user is either knocked unconscious or killed, depending on the level of injury.A Stand will automatically try to protect it's user from death, even if the user is trying to kill themselves, though the user must be conscious and aware.There are many different types of Stands which I can talk about in PMs.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Aye! I'll gladly give a tutorial on what a Stand is."}, "post-40420": {"user": null, "user_num": null, "timestamp": "1465156160000", "message": "So I have some shit against \"unearthly\" and unholy beings, e.g. demons, spirits, undead which debilitates them and if in extremely prolonged exposure then outright destroys them; as far as I see anti spirit stuff works on them? ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "So I have some shit against \"unearthly\" and unholy beings, e.g. demons, spirits, undead which debilitates them and if in extremely prolonged exposure then outright destroys them; as far as I see anti spirit stuff works on them? "}, "post-40427": {"user": "Doobie du Shoobie", "user_num": 250, "timestamp": "1465157518000", "message": "Yeah, for balance reasons it should.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Yeah, for balance reasons it should."}}