{"post-93067": {"user": "Morelia the Mad", "user_num": 3560, "timestamp": "1566280876000", "message": "Areas: Le Myristica, Oleander Falls, Crystal Cave, Le Quebrada, Willow Tree Town, Druid's DenMany winding roads lead to this covert jungle, widely known as \"Le Myristica\". Located in the depth of a crescent-shaped mountain system, it is not just characterized by the heat and dense humidity, but also to visibility-inhibiting vegetation, white-water rivers, waterfalls, ruins, and cold caves filled with ankle-depth water. It has such a diverse ecosystem, hosting hundreds of unique, bioluminescent plant and animal species unseen in any other parts of the known world; the variety of herbs and materials would make everyone put their interest on this jungle, if it were not host to so many outstanding dangers. This harsh environment is home to many monsters that lurk in the shadows. But to the brave and the bold adventurer that travels deeper into this mysterious rainforest come across a blue tinge in the sky and fog rolling in out of nowhere. Following this curious enchantment guides them through cavernous caves that seem never ending. The caves, while freezing, hold large clusters of beautiful crystals glowing and pulsing with magic. Those who are charmed by the radiant crystals for too long find themselves drained of all energy, and eventually, life. Those who make their way through find themselves at an old black-water swamp, teeming with activity. This swamp is known as \"Le Quebrada\".Perched in a mighty willow is a community of cottages connected by bridges and ladders, built directly over the dark-stained waters, puffs of smoke coming out of old chimney crowns poking out from rooftops. The only way across is by boat, or a very risky swim. One may only ask around for \u201cMorelia the Mad\u201d before they are pointed in the right direction. Whomsoever successfully arrives at the old druid\u2019s doorstep with their life will find themselves truly worthy of a befitting reward. \"The Druid\u2019s Den\" is where the old hag practices herbology and magic. It appears to be a humble cottage on the outside, but walking inside tells a different story. Tanned hides cover all the windows. The room is lit with oil lanterns, candles, and an old chimney made from rocks and clay. The walls are covered in shelves lined with jars stuffed with an inconceivable variety of herbs, spices, glowing liquids, and animal parts, most of which are marked with a cryptic glyphic alphabet of the druid\u2019s barely intelligible handwriting. It is clear that this is the place where the elderly druid curates her many different kinds of draughts, potions, and the world famous deadliest-of-all homebrew poison, \"Kulebra\", a very special recipe which can only be found in the blackmarket. The latter being the reason why those who ended up at Druid\u2019s Den made the treacherous journey to begin with. It was perhaps only once in a blue moon that she might receive a visitor that sought after ancient druidic wisdom, and it was for those moments that the decrepit druid kept on breathing. ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "<i>Areas: Le Myristica, Oleander Falls, Crystal Cave, Le Quebrada, Willow Tree Town, Druid's Den</i>"}, "post-93071": {"user": "Nixi Luma Fermalion", "user_num": 3566, "timestamp": "1566319253000", "message": "Nixi sits crouched looking at a new herb. She rustles through a guide of herbs that she had lying in her bag. Her focus is entirely on the pages of her manual looking through to see what herb she had found. Her bushy tail was wagging with excitement, perhaps it was a healing herb she could use in on of her remedies or a poison she could use to extract a cure for. Her green eyes widened as she found an interesting herb, it isn't the one she was currently looking for, but it had medicinal properties that helped with colds and aches. The herb's oil could be used to help with such head aches and cold symptoms. It wasn't an herb she would find normally in this jungle, but perhaps when she visits a nearby mountain she might find it. Nixi closes her book and sighs looking at the herb in front of her. It is the apple of her eye, that is currently drawing her to this jungle. She's heard rumors of a druid that lives in this jungle and Nixi desires to gain the knowledge that the old druid knows. She tucks her manual back into the bag, perhaps another time.The vulx stands up and arches her back, stretching her arms. She feels a different scent reach her noise. It is bitter, must be a good herb! The wandering vulx scurries off climbing up a tree to see if she could locate that scent more accurately. She hangs off a branch, grasping onto it with her left arm. She closes her eyes and focuses on her sense of smell. She turns her head slightly, until the bitter smell is stronger. After letting go of the branch and falling into the ankle deep water, Nixi follows her nose to where she finds the scent is strongest. The vulx opens her eyes and focuses her sight on this herb. It is extremely plain-looking and has a regular shape. She scrambles to grab her book from the bag, that is hanging from her shoulder. Once she grabs it she takes it out and begins looking through to see if she can identify the plant as an herb of use for her remedies.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Nixi sits crouched looking at a new herb. She rustles through a guide of herbs that she had lying in her bag. Her focus is entirely on the pages of her manual looking through to see what herb she had found. Her bushy tail was wagging with excitement, perhaps it was a healing herb she could use in on of her remedies or a poison she could use to extract a cure for. Her green eyes widened as she found an interesting herb, it isn't the one she was currently looking for, but it had medicinal properties that helped with colds and aches. The herb's oil could be used to help with such head aches and cold symptoms. It wasn't an herb she would find normally in this jungle, but perhaps when she visits a nearby mountain she might find it. Nixi closes her book and sighs looking at the herb in front of her. It is the apple of her eye, that is currently drawing her to this jungle. She's heard rumors of a druid that lives in this jungle and Nixi desires to gain the knowledge that the old druid knows. She tucks her manual back into the bag, perhaps another time."}, "post-93087": {"user": "Morelia the Mad", "user_num": 3560, "timestamp": "1566599355000", "message": "\"I'm getting too old for this, love,\" The old druid groaned at the sound of her hip popping, but thankfully not out of place. Morelia might be getting too old to be making these kinds of journeys, and often wondered if she should take on an apprentice someday to do all these menial tasks that took her away from her work. But it was with these tasks that her work might be complete in the first place. And so on she went, through the jungle-forest region that she called home.\u00a0Half-bird, half-mammal creatures scurried through the ravine's creek, splashing the druid from the waist down, but she paid it no mind, being accustomed to such things happening. The little things were only feeding on the tiny fish of the water, and they were mostly harmless. They were so common in those parts that she knew quite a few of the inhabitants of Willow Tree kept them as pests, as excellent pest control they did make. And, well, what was a little water when one was already caked in mud?It wasn't long before Morelia made it to the gathering spot where the ravine ended, dropping into a waterfall that fed a deep watering hole. The flowering herb was quite easy to spot, for the beautiful plant was well known for its striking flowers. Slowly and carefully, she bent down to begin filling a small basket with the bitter plant. She hummed a low tune and worked to the rhythm; that was when the green boa awakened and began to uncoil itself from her body. \"Finally awake?\" She said as it slid onto the forest floor. \"Hmmm? Smell something, love?\" The old woman turned around, following the boa, and as she looked down the waterfall, there was another creature there, also gathering herbs. Morelia moved closer, coming up to the fox-ear from behind. She chuckled once she realized what she was doing.\u00a0\"I do not think you will find that flower in that book of yours, my child,\" she said, picking the bitter plant and taking a whiff with a smile, before adding it to her collection. \"This plant is native to this wood--well, more specifically, this waterhole-- it is a rather poisonous one, I might add, so do be careful... I am terribly afraid my eyes are not what they used to be. Who might you be, dearie?\"", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "\"I'm getting too old for this, love,\" The old druid groaned at the sound of her hip popping, but thankfully not out of place. Morelia might be getting too old to be making these kinds of journeys, and often wondered if she should take on an apprentice someday to do all these menial tasks that took her away from her work. But it was with these tasks that her work might be complete in the first place. And so on she went, through the jungle-forest region that she called home.\u00a0"}, "post-93091": {"user": "Nixi Luma Fermalion", "user_num": 3566, "timestamp": "1566618988000", "message": "Nixi watches the old woman grab the herb and hears that it is\u00a0poisonous. She stands up to introduce herself, however fails to do so and simply asks a question, \"If that is the case, is there a known remedy for in case the poison is ingested? Like a cure... that would be useful. Or maybe by studying it there's a way to treat the symptoms and then other remedies could be used to help strengthen the body and weaken said poison.... all sort of ideas now that I'm thinking about it.\" Her nose twitches. The vulx looks back at the woman and answers her question from earlier. \"I'm Nixi Luma Fermalion, but you can call me Nixi. I heard there was a druid who lives in this village and I seek an apprenticeship from the druid.... though I guess I got sidelined on the way here, there are so many interesting herbs, very unlike what I had in the mountains..... Just a question; but are you that druid? It would make sense, because you knew about this plant being poisonous... although that might be common knowledge for someone who lives here. Sorry, if I assumed anything.\"Her bushy tail was swaying side to side, not like a dog's wagging tail. It was lower to the ground and was much more subtle. The vulx's ear's were perched up, as if they were listening intently on what the mysterious woman might say. Nixi was quite curious and her body language portrayed that to a tea. Her green eyes glistened with the expectation that the woman might answer her question favorably and that she would be the druid of this forest, although there did lie the chance that the woman was just a passerby any not the druid she was looking for.\u00a0Nixi's ankles were soaked and much of the bottom of her capris were wet from her time early looking at the different herbs and trying to identify the herbs, if they were in her book about herbs and similar plants. It was clear this vulx was an herbalist of some kind, perhaps a novice compared to the druid that lives in this forest. This young herbalist was most definitely a bit naive and trusting.\u00a0Nixi pauses and grabs a brush from her shoulder bag, after she puts away the book. She takes the brush and starts combing through her tail to get the dirt, loose leaves, and stray branches out of her fur.\u00a0", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Nixi watches the old woman grab the herb and hears that it is\u00a0poisonous. She stands up to introduce herself, however fails to do so and simply asks a question, \"If that is the case, is there a known remedy for in case the poison is ingested? Like a cure... that would be useful. Or maybe by studying it there's a way to treat the symptoms and then other remedies could be used to help strengthen the body and weaken said poison.... all sort of ideas now that I'm thinking about it.\" Her nose twitches. The vulx looks back at the woman and answers her question from earlier. \"I'm Nixi Luma Fermalion, but you can call me Nixi. I heard there was a druid who lives in this village and I seek an apprenticeship from the druid.... though I guess I got sidelined on the way here, there are so many interesting herbs, very unlike what I had in the mountains..... Just a question; but are you that druid? It would make sense, because you knew about this plant being poisonous... although that might be common knowledge for someone who lives here. Sorry, if I assumed anything.\""}, "post-93103": {"user": "Morelia the Mad", "user_num": 3560, "timestamp": "1566782534000", "message": "\"Nima, Lion? What a pretty name, Nima. And a strong name, too!\" She said. The Old druid was glad that she could not see Fox-ear as well as she could hear her. The creature went on and on and on, giving way too much information to a stranger such as she. Was the Fox-ear always this excitable and impressionable?\u00a0\"Oh, my!\" the old woman cackled gently, \"Aren't you a curious little thing?\" The giggling continued as the Fox-ear kept explaining herself. \"An apprenticeship? Oh, my, oh, my, oh my!\" Morelia was glad to hear of it, considering that she was only just thinking of getting herself one. Was it a coincidence? Morelia didn't believe in coincidence. The synchronous experience was causing an old feeling rise within the druid; it had been a long time since she felt genuinely perked up about anything. \"Now, then,\" she said, still picking up flowers from the bushes. \"You picked a good gathering spot. There are many interesting herbs here, my dear. But yes it's true, most locals know of this beautiful yet deceptive little flower. The Oleander It has taken many lives. But did you know it is also a healing plant? Mix it up with the right ingredients, and it can cure even the world's deadliest poison! Druid? Oh, no, my pretty. You are mistaken. I am but a simple old woman. But I do know where you can find this Druid. Oh, yes. Have you ever been to the Willow Tree Town? You seem to know your way around here, is all. It's that nose of yours, isn't it? Oh, yes. I know all about Fox-ear noses. Come this way, Nima. Come, come! You're in for a treat!\"\u00a0\u00a0The Druid was long gone, and she did not bother keeping track if the Fox-ear really did follow. The druid walked through the fog, and the cave, until they were at the swamp, surrounded by walls of trees. She shuffled awkwardly, gasping and groaning at every move she had to make to get into the canoe, which was the only way to get across.\u00a0", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "\"Nima, Lion? What a pretty name, Nima. And a strong name, too!\" She said. The Old druid was glad that she could not see Fox-ear as well as she could hear her. The creature went on and on and on, giving way too much information to a stranger such as she. Was the Fox-ear always this excitable and impressionable?\u00a0\"Oh, my!\" the old woman cackled gently, \"Aren't you a curious little thing?\" The giggling continued as the Fox-ear kept explaining herself. \"An apprenticeship? Oh, my, oh, my, oh my!\" Morelia was glad to hear of it, considering that she was only just thinking of getting herself one. Was it a coincidence? Morelia didn't believe in coincidence. The synchronous experience was causing an old feeling rise within the druid; it had been a long time since she felt genuinely perked up about anything. \"Now, then,\" she said, still picking up flowers from the bushes. \"You picked a good gathering spot. There are many interesting herbs here, my dear. But yes it's true, most locals know of this beautiful yet deceptive little flower. The Oleander It has taken many lives. But did you know it is also a healing plant? Mix it up with the right ingredients, and it can cure even the world's deadliest poison! Druid? Oh, no, my pretty. You are mistaken. I am but a simple old woman. But I do know where you can find this Druid. Oh, yes. Have you ever been to the Willow Tree Town? You seem to know your way around here, is all. It's that nose of yours, isn't it? Oh, yes. I know all about Fox-ear noses. Come this way, Nima. Come, come! You're in for a treat!\"\u00a0\u00a0The Druid was long gone, and she did not bother keeping track if the Fox-ear really did follow. The druid walked through the fog, and the cave, until they were at the swamp, surrounded by walls of trees. She shuffled awkwardly, gasping and groaning at every move she had to make to get into the canoe, which was the only way to get across.\u00a0"}, "post-93106": {"user": "Nixi Luma Fermalion", "user_num": 3566, "timestamp": "1566866435000", "message": "Nixi watches the woman walk away for a second, mainly wondering where the woman got the names Nima and Lion from. She focuses again and follows after the woman, to see where she might go. The woman says she isn't the druid, but she just might lead Nixi to the druid she's looking for. Nixi keeps close and says, \"My name isn't Nima... it's Nixi.\"Nixi eyes pace quickly around as quick gazes leave their focus on the plants. The scent of all these herbs is memorizing and it is almost too much to keep up with. With each new flower and different kind of herb, she wanted to jump out and identify each one. Nixi smiles, thinking about what she might use the knowledge for. Nixi is partly curious of who this woman is. She did mention that most locals knew what this flower was, but that means there is a minority that didn't know about it. Assuming that not all the residents know what it is, but a majority do, that means a good number would have some herbalist knowledge. Of course this was an assumption, the flower has taken lives before, so of course a majority would know about it, for its dangerous poison. Now that she thinks about it, this woman claims not to be the druid, but she knows much of this forest. If she is as she says, then perhaps she was a local herbalist in the area, or otherwise she just might be lying. Of course there was no way to confirm this, but considering what the woman said about the forest, it was as if she knew it very well.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Nixi watches the woman walk away for a second, mainly wondering where the woman got the names Nima and Lion from. She focuses again and follows after the woman, to see where she might go. The woman says she isn't the druid, but she just might lead Nixi to the druid she's looking for. Nixi keeps close and says, \"My name isn't Nima... it's Nixi.\""}, "post-93494": {"user": "Morelia the Mad", "user_num": 3560, "timestamp": "1572042415000", "message": "Morelia squinted at the fox-ear upon being corrected. Nixi, not Nima. Rough, old fingers rubbed at her wrinkly eyes and she blinked several times. \"Oh! Sorry, dear. My eyes just aren't what they used to be. You remind me of someone, you know. Uh-huh! You do! Uh-huh...\" The boat gently moved across the water, and the old woman sat in the boat with her hands wrapped around the head of a wooden cane. There was a gentle smile on her face, and she let out a contented sigh as she looked out across the murky waters. It was as though she were taking in the most beautiful sight in all the world. \"Mhm. Mhm. Isn't it lovely? I think so.\" The head of a snapping turtle popped up from the water, tiny ripples forming around. \"Why! Hello, little friend...\" But then, the head of a very large creature broke through the surface of the water splashing with such speed and force that rained upon them, followed by an enormous, scaled body that quickly vanished into its darkest depths. The silence was only broken by the creatures that lurked about them, mammals and reptiles unknown, going about their daily business, as if nothing had ever happened. \"Wow!\" Morelia gasped with glee, then cackled, holding onto her side. \"Haha, haha, did you see that?\" The old woman took a deep breath and sighed with sadness. \"Swamp life sure is hard, isn't it? Mhm...Poor little thing.\" There was a bump that came from their feet, as if something had knocked into the bottom of the boat, for they were surrounded by enormous roots from the colossal willow tree, forming arcs over the water.\u00a0", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Morelia squinted at the fox-ear upon being corrected. Nixi, not Nima. Rough, old fingers rubbed at her wrinkly eyes and she blinked several times. \"Oh! Sorry, dear. My eyes just aren't what they used to be. You remind me of someone, you know. Uh-huh! You do! Uh-huh...\" The boat gently moved across the water, and the old woman sat in the boat with her hands wrapped around the head of a wooden cane. There was a gentle smile on her face, and she let out a contented sigh as she looked out across the murky waters. It was as though she were taking in the most beautiful sight in all the world. \"Mhm. Mhm. Isn't it lovely? I think so.\" The head of a snapping turtle popped up from the water, tiny ripples forming around. \"Why! Hello, little friend...\" But then, the head of a very large creature broke through the surface of the water splashing with such speed and force that rained upon them, followed by an enormous, scaled body that quickly vanished into its darkest depths. The silence was only broken by the creatures that lurked about them, mammals and reptiles unknown, going about their daily business, as if nothing had ever happened. \"Wow!\" Morelia gasped with glee, then cackled, holding onto her side. \"Haha, haha, did you see that?\" The old woman took a deep breath and sighed with sadness. \"Swamp life sure is hard, isn't it? Mhm...Poor little thing.\" There was a bump that came from their feet, as if something had knocked into the bottom of the boat, for they were surrounded by enormous roots from the colossal willow tree, forming arcs over the water.\u00a0"}, "post-93830": {"user": "Nixi Luma Fermalion", "user_num": 3566, "timestamp": "1574140051000", "message": "Nixi sat in the boat, listening to the old woman. She watched the nature around her, taking in all the scents around her. Nixi simply found this swamp to be enchanting like a golden sunrise and the hope it would bring with it of a new day. Nixi gently lowered her eyelids, letting her diaphragm expand with the swamp air, it was full of the scents of strange and unique plants, along with creatures she had never laid vision on before. Nixi opened her eyes and looked at the old woman, \"I think it's simply beautiful. The dichotomy of\u00a0life is everywhere and it's thriving in this nature.\"\u00a0Nixi inspected the colossal willow tree, marveling at its sheer size. She commented, \"It certainly is amazing what nature has produced.\"", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Nixi sat in the boat, listening to the old woman. She watched the nature around her, taking in all the scents around her. Nixi simply found this swamp to be enchanting like a golden sunrise and the hope it would bring with it of a new day. Nixi gently lowered her eyelids, letting her diaphragm expand with the swamp air, it was full of the scents of strange and unique plants, along with creatures she had never laid vision on before. Nixi opened her eyes and looked at the old woman, \"I think it's simply beautiful. The dichotomy of\u00a0life is everywhere and it's thriving in this nature.\"\u00a0"}}