{"post-85366": {"user": "Velmerys Imperium", "user_num": 3067, "timestamp": "1538088929000", "message": "A short carriage ride was had to the main staging ground of the invasion of the Dwarven lands, beginning on the plains just outside of Velmerys City. The Imperium's forces had been gathered, thousands of enlisted men and some mercenary\u00a0forces were gathered in a neat order for inspection by the Queen. The carriage took her by the files of men, with their spears and shields. Helmets glistened in the early morning sun, banners waved over the legions. A group of officers were on a hill overlooking the large formation of troops, seemingly awaiting the arrival of their queen, as they should.As the carriage rumbled to a stop, Queen Velmerys stepped down the stairs, down onto the slightly damp grass. The gathered soldiers bowed their heads when faced with their regent, out of respect or fear, it was unknown. Many of the battle-hardened\u00a0men present had served with Richard Velmerys, King of the Imperium before her, and were eye-witnesses to the battle prowess of the royal line. Perhaps it was the fear that kept them in line. She smoothed the black dress, taking short steps to the gaggle of mages on the hill. Lord Augustus and Lord Isaac were present, with their legions accounted for. The bulk of the Royal Legion had marched at the prospect of fighting and were gathered below as well.\u00a0Lady Jager was an unsuspected\u00a0sight to see when she turned her eyes over the gathered men. She was striking different, what with her different style of dress that seemed to be out of reach of the current fashion. But she was glad, she did not expect for her invite to be accepted.\u00a0\"I am to believe you have all gave the men their briefing?\" Belestrasza asked, glancing at the two lords, who were quick to nod. \"Then we shall not wait. Sound the march, I shall speak to them before we enter battle.\" Placing her boot into the stirrup of her horse, she hoisted herself up and over, grabbing the reigns as various horns blew to sound the beginning. Drums and the clatter of hooves echoed over the hills, she turned towards Sinipius.\u00a0\"This is far from your first campaign.\"\u00a0", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "A short carriage ride was had to the main staging ground of the invasion of the Dwarven lands, beginning on the plains just outside of Velmerys City. The Imperium's forces had been gathered, thousands of enlisted men and some mercenary\u00a0forces were gathered in a neat order for inspection by the Queen. The carriage took her by the files of men, with their spears and shields. Helmets glistened in the early morning sun, banners waved over the legions. A group of officers were on a hill overlooking the large formation of troops, seemingly awaiting the arrival of their queen, as they should."}, "post-85454": {"user": "Sinipius", "user_num": 3074, "timestamp": "1538317162000", "message": "Sinipius had been riding in the carriage with the queen. As her most trusted advisor, and secret consort, he had special privileges compared to the other mages of her court. He had spent most of the time looking out of the open window rather than the Queen, however. Dark circles prominent under his eyes. He had stayed up most the night going over old maps and mine layouts in the dwarves' mountain. He both hated and loved the pre-campaign research and planning. He had always been the scholarly type, despite his skill with the sword and arcane arts, and loved combing over every inch of parchment for new details about his enemy he may have missed. Some of them were his own records from past campaigns. He had lived a long and eventful life, and have waged war against the dwarves at least twice in recent memory. On the flip side, all that work and reading kept him from other, more carnal pursuits. He shot Belestraza a glance then, wondering how she was feeling about his neglecting her for over a week. He sighed as he looked back out the window. He made a mental note to find at least an evening free to spend with her before the went to battle. Maybe a picnic. That sounded nice.As the carriage came to a stop and the Queen stepped out, so, too, did Sinipius. Following in his Queen's wake up the hill, he surveyed the massed troops below them with a clinical eye. He was the only mage on the council without his own personal legion. His power and knowledge more than made up for a small army, he always thought, but he briefly wondered if he shouldn't create and train his own elite band of warriors. Now that he thought about it, he did see the advantage in it. This campaign will be a good test to see how necessary such a thing was.Sinipius paid little attention to Lady Jager as he mounted his own destrier. A horse as dark as the Abyss. Midnight, Sinipius called him.Urging the horse forward to come in line next to Belestraza's, Sinipius gave her a curt, tired nod. All the drums and horns that blew in the distance, the sound of marching feet and shouts, both gave him a headache in his exhausted state, but also excited the inner warlord in his soul. \"Indeed, my Queen. Against this particular enemy, this will be at least my third campaign. Anything earlier in my memory is harder for me to recall.\" Hence my own personal records, he thought, slightly amused at his own memory failure. \"The first time with your Great-great-great Grandfather as we cowed the dwarves into submission and brought them into the Empire as a vassal, and again with your father as we broke the back of Harold Long-Beard's rebellion. All my knowledge and advice on the enemy is yours to call upon, at any time, Your Grace.\"", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Sinipius had been riding in the carriage with the queen. As her most trusted advisor, and secret consort, he had special privileges compared to the other mages of her court. He had spent most of the time looking out of the open window rather than the Queen, however. Dark circles prominent under his eyes. He had stayed up most the night going over old maps and mine layouts in the dwarves' mountain. He both hated and loved the pre-campaign research and planning. He had always been the scholarly type, despite his skill with the sword and arcane arts, and loved combing over every inch of parchment for new details about his enemy he may have missed. Some of them were his own records from past campaigns. He had lived a long and eventful life, and have waged war against the dwarves at least twice in recent memory. "}, "post-87506": {"user": "Queen Belestrasza Velmerys", "user_num": 3073, "timestamp": "1544039270000", "message": "\"The dwarves and their mountains have belonged to the Imperium for millennia, perhaps even longer, the rebels shall be squandered under our heels.\" Bel spurred her horse onward, to the forward of the marching formation, no doubt followed by the rest of the command retinue. Lady Jager had disappeared somewhere, no doubt doing something nefarious behind enemy lines. She set her eyes forward, the road laid out for them, a grand road made for trading with the dwarves. It was made by both sides, superior dwarven craftsmanship made the stones easier for wheels to ride upon, and feet to march on.After a few hours of marching, a Lieutenant and five men came from the trees to their right. They rode horses, snapping the reigns in a gallop towards the command. He pulled them in as he closed the distance, grinding to halt next to General Eoflek, the Lieutenants direct commander. \"General, a forward party of dwarves have come to meet us, and beyond them, a barrier has been prepared across the road.\" The Lieutenant was red in the face, slouched in his shoulder, panting for breath. Eoflek reached out a calloused hand, clapping the much younger man on the shoulder. \"Good work, boy, now find your company and prepare for battle. Dwarves don't like the cavalry, if I recall their last rebellion correctly.\" General Eoflek turned to the rest of the commanding party, smiling. \"We should prepare for engagement with the enemy, these Dwarves will hit hard and fast, stout little things they are.\" He brought his hand up, as did the other general, magic streaming forth as they both wrote the same letter in the air, above their heads; IX. That prompted instantaneous movement from the two cohorts, pikemen coming forward and the doppelsnolders retreating three ranks. A good enough rank system to oppose a charge. Velmerian crossbowmen were between the pikemen and doppelsnolders, ready to fire at the command of their Line Sergeant. ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "\"The dwarves and their mountains have belonged to the Imperium for millennia, perhaps even longer, the rebels shall be squandered under our heels.\" Bel spurred her horse onward, to the forward of the marching formation, no doubt followed by the rest of the command retinue. Lady Jager had disappeared somewhere, no doubt doing something nefarious behind enemy lines. She set her eyes forward, the road laid out for them, a grand road made for trading with the dwarves. It was made by both sides, superior dwarven craftsmanship made the stones easier for wheels to ride upon, and feet to march on."}, "post-87538": {"user": "Sinipius", "user_num": 3074, "timestamp": "1544132261000", "message": "Sinipius nodded solemnly at Belestrasza's words. He had no doubt that the Velmery's Empire should win the day. He doubted he'd even have to get his hands dirty during this campaign. The dwarves were tough, but not many. Gently snapping at the reins, Sinipius urged his horse forward, following after his Queen. Not far behind him was a small group of battlemages riding dark warhorses and wearing black plate armor. About six of them. Each personally trained by Sinipius himself in the ways of sorcery and swordsmanship.\"They're mustering outside?\" Sinipius asked incredulously. \"They're more foolish than I thought. We'll crush them for sure, but be wary for pikemen. If cavalry worked once, there's a chance they've learned their lesson,\" he continued, cautioning Eoflek. He then snapped his head in Bel's direction and maneuvered his midnight horse with his knees until he was right next to her. \"As magnificent and gorgeous do you look leading the vanguard, it would be for the best if you follow me back, my Queen, if you wish to live more than a minute.\" He flashed her a warm, caring smile, and gave her a quick wink.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Sinipius nodded solemnly at Belestrasza's words. He had no doubt that the Velmery's Empire should win the day. He doubted he'd even have to get his hands dirty during this campaign. The dwarves were tough, but not many. "}, "post-88916": {"user": "Queen Belestrasza Velmerys", "user_num": 3073, "timestamp": "1548552329000", "message": "Belestrasza smiled at Sinipius. A warm, loving smile. It slipped into a deviant smirk, a knowing look coming to her eyes. That is when the explosions came. Five of them, right in the dwarven lines, the anger of the scorned Imperium erupting from the earth. The Queen's hand snapped upward, a magic barrier appearing over her forces, the other two generals channeling their own to help strengthen the barrier. Debris and other objects smacked against the shield, sizzling to ash or simply sliding down its smooth face. The dwarven lines were a wreck. Smoldering craters, thick black smoke rising into the air. Beletrasza grabbed her saber, her father's saber, pulling it from the intricate scabbard as she held it aloft. The veterans of the cavalry knew what this meant, the officers among them snapping their reigns to catch up to their monarch. \"Follow the Queen! To the Queen!\" Marshal Malberch yelled, pulling his own saber forth, flying into a gallop as the cavalry charge began, the forces curtaining around the Velmerian infantry, back onto the road, bearing on the broken dwarven lines. The dwarves were quick to react, a rearguard was enacted, a last defense before the Velmerians fell on them. Shields, spears, masterful designs from under the mountain. Under rightful Velmerian lands. The gates, great slabs of stone, were slowly being pulled back. The entrance to Khoral Indaar, blockaded, if those doors were closed.But the Imperial banner was coming, upon horseback, with a vengeance. ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Belestrasza smiled at Sinipius. A warm, loving smile. It slipped into a deviant smirk, a knowing look coming to her eyes. That is when the explosions came. Five of them, right in the dwarven lines, the anger of the scorned Imperium erupting from the earth. The Queen's hand snapped upward, a magic barrier appearing over her forces, the other two generals channeling their own to help strengthen the barrier. Debris and other objects smacked against the shield, sizzling to ash or simply sliding down its smooth face. "}, "post-88932": {"user": "Sinipius", "user_num": 3074, "timestamp": "1548615754000", "message": "Sinipius squinted when he saw that mischevious look in Belestrasza's eyes, knowing she was about to ignore his warning and do something foolish. He simply knew her too well. When the explosions came, he did not add his magic to aid in the shield. He knew, with the combination of her entourage, that Bel was strong enough to handle it on her own. No, he was conserving his magic for later in the battle. These dwarves, like many other types of dwarves, had a natural resistance to magic, and it would take a great deal of power to overcome them, magically.He sighed and rolled his eyes in frustration when Bel unsheathed her saber and charged forward. \"That fool is going to get herself killed,\" Sinipius muttered under his breath. An instant later, he twisted around on his saddle and barked two orders to his retinue, the dark battlemages, in quick succession.\"Verric, find the combat engineer, Quailondros, and have him prepare his men to begin building siege equipment. We're going to need it if they get that door closed.\" Flicking his eyes to the companions next to Verric, he added \"Doros, go to the sappers and order them to the front. We may need them, too.\" Both his men saluted Sinipius and spurred their horses in opposite directions. He then spurred his horse after Bel and her cavalry. \"Protect the Queen at all cost,\" he yelled over his shoulder at the remaining four battlemages riding behind him. \"Be it on your heads if she falls,\" he growled, encouraging his horse faster to catch up with the Empress. He kept an eye on the closing door, and couldn't help but feel a slight pang of worry for his love. Capable she may be, if she reached the dwarves before the door closed, she and her men may be trapped on the other side until the engineers and sappers could force it open. A part of him hoped it closed before she reached it and a traditional siege would be had instead of a rescue mission.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Sinipius squinted when he saw that mischevious look in Belestrasza's eyes, knowing she was about to ignore his warning and do something foolish. He simply knew her too well. When the explosions came, he did not add his magic to aid in the shield. He knew, with the combination of her entourage, that Bel was strong enough to handle it on her own. No, he was conserving his magic for later in the battle. These dwarves, like many other types of dwarves, had a natural resistance to magic, and it would take a great deal of power to overcome them, magically."}, "post-88933": {"user": "Queen Belestrasza Velmerys", "user_num": 3073, "timestamp": "1548618349000", "message": "The cavalry that had caught up to their Queen had made a barrier about her, the heavily armored royal cavalry surpassing their ruler quickly, lances couched as they broke the lines of the rearguard. Five ranks of dwarves stood between them and the dwarves, the first two broken by the first wave of cavalry. As horsemen swept at the dwarves beneath them, Belestrasza was concentrating. The stone slabs, that had been making good time with closing, had halted. Then, very slowly, the sound of a mechanism breaking could be heard, if one listened closely over the sound of battle. The slabs began to move outward, Khoral Indaar open to the world. She did this about the storm of the fallen first rank, by the time she had broken the doors, the rearguard had retreated when they realized their situation was hopeless. Her heels spurred her horse, hitting the flanks, a fireball developing in her hand, she launched it within the stone hallway into the dwarven stronghold. It illuminated the defenses, glinted upon the metal of the spears and shields. More dwarves, the last bastion between the outside and the expanse of Khoral Indaar. In such tight confines, horses would not be wise, and so, the royal infantry came forward. The Greatsword Regiments. Lord-Commander Ferdinand had already commanded his men to muster behind the horses, and follow their charge. And so, with great roars and monstrous swords, the Royal Greatswords fell upon the dwarves. Belestrasza was riding her horse away from the battle, toward where the rest of the general's had made their post. She had barely noticed the battlemages shadowing her every move, if anything she tried to move quickly, to shake them. Dismounting, she approached Augustus and Isaac, a smile on her features. ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "The cavalry that had caught up to their Queen had made a barrier about her, the heavily armored royal cavalry surpassing their ruler quickly, lances couched as they broke the lines of the rearguard. Five ranks of dwarves stood between them and the dwarves, the first two broken by the first wave of cavalry. As horsemen swept at the dwarves beneath them, Belestrasza was concentrating. The stone slabs, that had been making good time with closing, had halted. "}, "post-89013": {"user": "Sinipius", "user_num": 3074, "timestamp": "1548982298000", "message": "Sinipius slowed as the heavy cavalry overtook his mages and the queen and tailed the queen. His heart quickened a pace and the urge to charge into the enemy and unleash his magic was one that was hard to ignore. But ignored it was. This campaign was far from over, and he'd need to conserve his strength. Despite Belestrasza's efforts, Sinipius and his four mages were not shaken loose. Unarmored and on their swift black stallions, that would have been quite the feat. \"Dismount\" he barked at them cooly when they caught up with the Empress as she returned to her commanders. He swept a foot over his saddle and slid off the dark leather in one fluid motion. He might be getting old, but he wasn't slow. Not yet. He glared at Bel. A look of disapproval of her recklessness, but within a minute his features soften. She was powerful, and there was, perhaps, no harm in her flexing once in a while and cut loose. She did manage to stop the great stone barrier from lowering further. Despite himself, he found himself smiling alongside his love, and took a step forward and sidled up next to her, also facing the two men. \"Lords,\" he greeted, tilting his head forward slightly in greeting. He quickly shot Bel a side look and half smirk, and added: \"...and your Majesty.\" Soon after, through the cacophony of battle off in the distance towards the mountain kingdom's entrance, footsteps could be heard as his four remaining mages approached them. They hung back a few steps, directly behind Sinipius, standing at attention with their hands held behind their backs and chins up. Yet somehow, their cowls still managed to mask the majority of their faces, save for their mouths and chins. The rest a silhouette. \"Though I do not doubt the might of our forces, their tenacity or skill, throwing everything we have through the tight confines of the front door and beyond would be like a meat grinder. We'd surely win, but we would lose a fair bit of troops in the process. Allow me to suggest an alternative strategy...\" When Sinipius trailed off, he twisted around to face the mountain.As he did so, the four mages behind him parted so the others could see past them towards the mountain; two on each side. Their movements perfectly choreographed as they each took two side steps, their boot heels clacking together as they finished their manuever. \"Dotted around the mountain tops up high are many vents leading down to the depths of the dwarven 'kingdom' for fresh air so they can continue to breathe. I suggest forming a task force of commando units comprised of your best soldiers. Seven squads. Each led by one of my mages and myself. Each of them has been taught the complex skill of telepathy, and our attacks can be coordinated between each other and, since Your Majesty also knows this spell, can also be coordinated with the main attack force. Each squad will have a specific target, with one being to assassinate the dwarf leader and, failing that, to cause as much chaos and sabatoge as possible before retreating back up the air vents before they, themselves, will be collapsed. Denying whole sections of the underground city access to fresh air.\"Taking a small breath after his \"speech\", Sinipius twisted back around to face the others, an eyeborw raised as he awaited any response.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Sinipius slowed as the heavy cavalry overtook his mages and the queen and tailed the queen. His heart quickened a pace and the urge to charge into the enemy and unleash his magic was one that was hard to ignore. But ignored it was. This campaign was far from over, and he'd need to conserve his strength. "}, "post-90262": {"user": "Queen Belestrasza Velmerys", "user_num": 3073, "timestamp": "1557961885000", "message": "The Velmerian Greatswords were made for breaking formations, those of shields and spears, it was their specialty, and those within the ranks of the Greatswords were paid handsomely for it. The zweihanders knocked and chopped away spears, cutting down the offensive capability before falling back to their secondary weapons, gladius's, daggers, machetes, all sorts of swords were used in their ranks. Another rank fell to the Velmerians.Belestrasza stood back with the rest of the command while Sinipius outlined his plans. General Eoflek and Augustus leaned toward the Queen, giving their own affirmations of the tactical advantage the plan would have. With the bulk of the Royal Legion attempting to drive a wedge into the dwarf line, a force hitting the rear of the enemy would be invaluable, even if it was only a small company. \"This is a sound strategy, Sinipius.\" Queen Velmerys nodded, her lithe hand stroking her chin. \"You are given permission to carry on and assemble squads at your own discretion. Those of the Royal Legion, as well, if they volunteer for this special duty.\"", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "The Velmerian Greatswords were made for breaking formations, those of shields and spears, it was their specialty, and those within the ranks of the Greatswords were paid handsomely for it. The zweihanders knocked and chopped away spears, cutting down the offensive capability before falling back to their secondary weapons, gladius's, daggers, machetes, all sorts of swords were used in their ranks. Another rank fell to the Velmerians."}}