{"post-13509": {"user": "Legion Master Zhax", "user_num": 710, "timestamp": "1444742625000", "message": "((Well look at that! It's a bloody WIP! Now leave me alone, I has a life. AKA I'll update regularly.)) While Zhax's units and regiments may not be the smartest or strongest, they make up for it in numbers and fierceness. Due to their poor intelligence, most weapons used are crude but very versatile.Little bit of lore: since they are built fairly agile, flexible and small the excel at filling the role of light infantry, skirmishers, shock troops and infiltration. While normally front line troops consist of males, to these kiggies gender doesn't matter. If you can rip a man's spleen or arm in half, generally you can fight. Although males almost always out number females due to most of them being baby machines back at home.\u00a0\u00a0Honor guards have a high chance of females, due to usually a less direct combat role. Their only major flaw is they can completely forget tactics and simply go into a blind bloodlust, only seeking to kill their opponent.Units:Hunters - standard light infantry, various weapons at disposal, minimal armor, low morale\u00a0Stones - more elite and well trained units and more organized, each has proper quality light armor and a shield, dressed in light armor, above average morale\u00a0Pigstickers - standard ranged unit, armed with slings or javelins to bombard an enemy with unique weapons and always armed with a backup melee weapon. Poisons, diseased heads, feces, torches etc, dressed in light armor, average moraleCorpse carvers - highest ranking of front line infantry, covers speed, range, and damage. Armed with the weaponry of both Pigstickers and Stones, they are the versitle light infantry packed with much experience and skill in good quality medium armor, very high moraleLovelies - a rare 100% female unit designed to break enemy morale and intimidate enemies with spear charges and retreat while laying caltrops and ranged fire down, after they've intimidate enemies, after the battle it is common for this unit to get intimate\u00a0\u00a0with their male counter parts to raise spirits. Armed with machete like swords, spears, and various traps and throwing weapons with good light armor, high morale\u00a0High guard - generally older, veteran units are awarded to being praised as such noble fighters they reside within a commander's home or palace and protect them from all harm possible. 50:50 male to female ratio. Armed with the finest medium armor available and Spears crafted to perfection with dual blades forged in the lands very own lava flows. Death comes before defeat, Very extreme morale'Siege'-yars - Whatever happened here is anyone's guess. These massive versions of the their brethren stand almost 3 times their normal size at 14 feet tall. As usual because of their massive size and strength they get outfitted with heavier and better armor and weapons. With spears the size of small trees and crossbows almost matching ballistae in firepower, these are lethal at any distance. Very high morale.\u00a0Zhax's allocation: 100 High guards for himself/demigrem while within own lands90 Stones\u00a050 Pigstickers\u00a040 Lovelies\u00a020 Corpse carvers ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "((Well look at that! It's a bloody WIP! Now leave me alone, I has a life. AKA I'll update regularly.))"}, "post-13510": {"user": "Ak-Mun: The Second Face", "user_num": 734, "timestamp": "1444743503000", "message": "Lolubstrd", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Lolubstrd"}}