{"post-7538": {"user": "Goraia", "user_num": 76, "timestamp": "1440721234000", "message": "In this thread will begin match 4 of the Grand Tournament 2015. IC, this match occurs fourth in chronological order.The first introductory post goes to Strike-Fist. The match will proceed until a victor is named.---------------------------------------------------------------The announcer, his voice coverage enchanted by magic to boom over the crowds, officially introduced the start of the match.\"It is now time for match 4... from the north gate, hailing from the lands of Ivelius to the south... Iona Varithim!!!\"A deafening roar of applause follows the announcement.\"...Aaaand from the south gate, assassin of the Phoenix State... Strike-Fiiiiiiiiiiiiiist!!!\"When the two squared off, it was on.\"Let the match... begin!\"", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "<div style=\"text-align:center;\"><b>In this thread will begin match 4 of the Grand Tournament 2015. IC, this match occurs fourth in chronological order.</b></div>"}, "post-7667": {"user": "Strike-Fist", "user_num": 515, "timestamp": "1440818795000", "message": "Before walking out of the gate, Strike-Fist mumbled to himself, \"Sure am glad I wore my cloths, these bastards don't associate assassin with secret I guess...Anywho, death, blood, guts, and all the good stuff... time to whoop some ass...\"Sinn's appearance was basic and abstract. His body was wrapped in a spandex like cloth that had a white color to it. The cloth was much like an underarmor, reflecting the heat and keeping him cool. On his head, he had a black turban. The only thing visible was his lips and eyes. Right below his elbows he had a cloth like sleeve that seemed to hide his weapons quite well. What was beneath these sleeves was a complex set of weaponry. On the top of his forearm he had a lightweight steel plate that protected his arms. Above these, controlled by a pressure mechanism in the center of his fists, was a set of three blades. These blades were as sharp as any Katana and as strong as the Malamute. With constant updates, these blades have gotten to the point that allows Strike-Fist full control, never accidentally releasing them. Strike-Fist would wait for his opponent to come near. He'd squat down and place his right elbow on his right knee. He'd set his chin in it, staring directly towards his opponents gate. Occasionally he'd look at the crowd, but he was more interested in his opponent and their reaction to his stance.Strike-Fist, being the smartass he is, would speak loud enough for his opponent, \"YOOODEEEELEEEEHAAAAYYYYHOOOOO! STRIKE-FIST IS COMING FOR YOU!! BRUTOX BURGERS OR DEFEAT! YOUR CHOICE!\"", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Before walking out of the gate, Strike-Fist mumbled to himself, \"Sure am glad I wore my cloths, these bastards don't associate assassin with secret I guess...Anywho, death, blood, guts, and all the good stuff... time to whoop some ass...\""}, "post-7671": {"user": "Inquisitor Iona Varithim", "user_num": 517, "timestamp": "1440820358000", "message": "The southern gate peaked open a crack, allowing a figure to pass through them. She was tall, with a noblewoman's demeanor and build. At first glance, the woman appeared unarmored, her upper body covered in a pearly tabbard which draped elegantly to her knees. As she approached, the outline of a cuirass beneath the fabric became more apparent, as did the curvature of her greaves, bracers, and pauldrons. In her right hand was a spear with a long blade: it would serve well as either a cutting or thrusting weapon. Her right hand held a shield emblazoned with a sigil of the Holy Flame, the surface polished so brightly that it reflected the sun's light across it's surface. At her belt was a series of vials encased in armored cartridges, along with a scabbard which held a basket hilted sabre.  Through her winged-helm her face remained emotionless, even after the man's outburst.   A scoundrel? Or is it an act?  It didn't matter. She paid his antics no attention, she had bigger problems to worry about. Her mark might be in the stands already, watching the match. She approached Strikefist, walking until she was eight or so meters away from her opponent. With her spear she held the critical advantage of reach, but that advantage wouldn't persist if she allowed him to successfully close the distance. She entered a utilitarian fighting stance, tucking in her shield to cover the entirety of her left flank. If he was watching closely, he would notice her eyes were searching the crowds as she waited for the match the begin. Only as the bell signaled that the match had begun did her cold eyes revert back to the assassin. \"I'll take the steak, infidel.\"", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "The southern gate peaked open a crack, allowing a figure to pass through them. She was tall, with a noblewoman's demeanor and build. At first glance, the woman appeared unarmored, her upper body covered in a pearly tabbard which draped elegantly to her knees. As she approached, the outline of a cuirass beneath the fabric became more apparent, as did the curvature of her greaves, bracers, and pauldrons. In her right hand was a spear with a long blade: it would serve well as either a cutting or thrusting weapon. Her right hand held a shield emblazoned with a sigil of the Holy Flame, the surface polished so brightly that it reflected the sun's light across it's surface. At her belt was a series of vials encased in armored cartridges, along with a scabbard which held a basket hilted sabre.  "}, "post-7762": {"user": "Strike-Fist", "user_num": 515, "timestamp": "1440898929000", "message": "\"Oh, you're just one of the racist whores with a sword, aren't ya'? That's okay, people like you lust after what us 'infidels' have; freedom, happiness, and the ability to do whatever we feel so long as it doesn't impose on anyone else's freeom.\" Strike Fist spoke in a sarcastic tone, carrying his smirk the whole way though.Strike-Fist was aware of the fact she looked to the crowds. As an assassin, being able to read eyes was one of the most primary skill sets needed for survival. He'd ponder what she was looking for, so he'd keep paying attention through the fight waiting for he to find what she wanted so he would know himself.He had no interest in taking a firm stance, but instead would take the Monkey Stance. His body was squatted, his legs spread wide apart. His upper body would bend forward, his arms hanging and swaying. His weapons, still hidden, were still a mystery. It would take a good focus on the sleeves to see the gentle outlines of the three blades resting above the steel plate on the top of his forearms. All was set for his position. His swaying and continuous movement that had no exact pattern, keeping momentum built up ready to move, whether to dodge, attack, or even block. A spear was not a weapon you stood still against. Even so, it was a weapon easily taken advantage of due to it's long handle.\"So how do you like it, rough or easy? 'Cause I do this either way, it's your defeat!\" He'd speak, carrying his smirk through the sarcasm.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "\"Oh, you're just one of the racist whores with a sword, aren't ya'? That's okay, people like you lust after what us 'infidels' have; freedom, happiness, and the ability to do whatever we feel so long as it doesn't impose on anyone else's freeom.\" Strike Fist spoke in a sarcastic tone, carrying his smirk the whole way though."}, "post-7776": {"user": "Inquisitor Iona Varithim", "user_num": 517, "timestamp": "1440910314000", "message": " More bawdiness. Jokes, jokes, jokes. Was this all a joke?  She couldn't see any weapons on him, which only confirmed her suspicions. He is trying to disarm me. No man would expect to land a lethal blow on an opponent in full plate armor unless they were insane, super-humanly strong, or were armed. He looked mundane enough, thought to be safe....Her left hand fell by just a few inches as it went to her belt. If she wasn't interrupted she would pull a tab on her thurible, releasing an entrapped ember which would light the incense within. The wind had thankfully calmed down, so soon a cloud of wispy light smoke would encase the woman. She would crouch into a striking stance, beginning to circle toward the man while he chattered. He was armed though, he had to be. Was it in his sleeves? Throwing knives? The judges had been careful to forbid ranged weapons... but she couldn't be the only cheater, right? She approaches cautiously. When he moved, she would intercept. She spoke clearly, not an ounce of worry evident in her voice. \"Freedom enables the cultivation of sin, of the darkest depravities and fell magics. Degeneracy is the end result of freedom, just as divine order leads the way to purity of spirit and exaltation of virtue... and of humanity. But are we going to argue philosophy, or fight? I would be fine with either, but the crowd must be getting bored. Can't deny them their spectacle.\"He wasn't the only one who could taunt. She needed him to move within her striking range, but not close enough to slip past her defenses. If his strength or speed were magically enhanced he would find his attributes diminished the moment he touched the smoke. She had, however, miscalculated on thing. While enshrouded in her cloud of smoke no magic could reach her, not even the magic which would prevent her death if she was \"lethally\" struck. The same was true of Strike-fist, should he dance within the nullification zone produced by her incense. \"Come on now, you were so eager to ravage me just a moment ago.\"Two could play this game. ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "<i> More bawdiness. Jokes, jokes, jokes. Was this all a joke? </i>"}, "post-8937": {"user": "Strike-Fist", "user_num": 515, "timestamp": "1441764549000", "message": "\"Soo... incense to clear the magic?\" Strike Fist asked the woman, knowing she was up to something.He figured two could play this game. He would continue his movements, but he'd take his tongue and pull the cloths over his mouth. He'd chuckle a bit, flicking his split tongue at the woman a little while he pulled the cloths over his mouth. Each side of the tongue worked as separate muscles, possibly freaking out the woman a bit.\"I can play the same game.\" Strike Fist spoke from beneath his cloths.Strike-Fist would take his thumbs and rub them on the side of his pointer finger knuckle. As part of his weapon system under his sleeves, the small lever that was pushed would activate a silent loading system.  What this action fully capable of wouldn't be revealed yet. He was supposed to be the only assassin here, and yet he was figuring out that he might be handling one himself. His movement kept strong, never wavering from it's non-patterned series. What Strike-Fist would try and do in his movements was simple, but hidden. Every time he moved towards the woman, he'd go an inch closer. If she wasn't careful, he'd end up in a position very capable of defending any strike with her spear and getting into her range.One other thing that was kept in his movements was momentum. Despite moving so easily, his momentum was greatly building. He'd use his upper torso that moved side to side to hold onto this momentum. Once ready, he could release this momentum in a whirlwind of movements.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "\"Soo... incense to clear the magic?\" Strike Fist asked the woman, knowing she was up to something."}, "post-8956": {"user": "Inquisitor Iona Varithim", "user_num": 517, "timestamp": "1441768176000", "message": "So, hidden weapons it was. So  tiresome  and  boring  . If he wouldn't throw the first attack, she would. As the assassin fingered the mechanism of his blades, she would lunge, the blade or her winged spear darting forward in perfect rhythm with her forward lunge. Her shield arm turned a few degrees, placing a barrier between herself and the assassin. If she tried to punch at her his feeble fists would meet cold Sancturian steel. Blades would fare just as well: he would need to dart around her to close the gap, as her shield would make a frontal attack nearly impossible. She aimed for his center of mass. Fancy disarms or strikes to the limbs would likely miss due to her opponent's agility. She would track his movements as she lunged, be it up, right, or left. She struck like a coiled serpent. ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "So, hidden weapons it was. So "}, "post-13411": {"user": "Strike-Fist", "user_num": 515, "timestamp": "1444617521000", "message": "One strike is all it would take to set Strike-Fist into motion. The spear would lunge for his mid torso, and as it sprung forward, he sprung also. His feet would press of the ground in mid swing of his body and leap into the air. The spear was a lethal weapon, but once one got in range of it, it became useless.With the quick leap over the blade, he'd use his swaying movements momentum to assist in the spinning motion in the air. His body would lean at a forty five degree angle his his right foot would come through the air at the Inquisitor. The added momentum of the the leg swing would pull his body further a bit more in the leap. The shin seemed to be coming down at the woman's shoulder and neck area. With this, he had his right arm prepared to strike in the leg hit it's target or was blocked. A chain reaction would occur the moment the leg hit anything on Iona. The chain reaction would simply depend on the evasiveness of his opponent, whether they block of dodge. Through it all, Strike-Fist would continue his momentum in all his movements.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "One strike is all it would take to set Strike-Fist into motion. The spear would lunge for his mid torso, and as it sprung forward, he sprung also. His feet would press of the ground in mid swing of his body and leap into the air. The spear was a lethal weapon, but once one got in range of it, it became useless."}}