{"post-14297": {"user": "The Realm of Titania", "user_num": 637, "timestamp": "1445812702000", "message": "The most important thing to know about Courts of Seasons is that every season the ruler changes. Now some information about the individual courts.Winter Court - Ruled by the Duchess of Winter, Cirno. Described as an Unseelie court. As most Winter faeries are, Cirno is a cruel, cruel woman and ruler. Her punishments for subjects and humans alike are almost senseless in their cruelty, but she enjoys it too much to stop. Most are too afraid of her to try and overthrow her or do not have the means to. Many aristocrats also enjoy the cruelty.\u00a0Main Laws and traditions: During winter it is illegal to give humans good luck without \"proper\" payment. Many more young \"brides\", mothers, and children are taken during this season. If you cannot handle cold, do not go to one of their parties.Spring Court - Ruled by the Mistress of Spring, Zooi. Described as a Seelie court.Zooi is almost an absentee ruler when she is in power because, like most Spring faeries, she wishes to dance in the flowers more than rule a kingdom. She is by far the kindest of all the rulers in Titania though.Main Laws and traditions: During spring many are allowed to go about their business as they wish to because even if Zooi had laws, she would not be around to order her guards to enforce them. Though every time one sees a flower bloom they must dance in gratitude or otherwise be shunned from all parties that season.Summer Court - Ruled by the Priestess of Summer, Tamani. Described as a Seelie Court.Summer faeries are the most deceiving of all courts. Most will come off friendly, happy, and ready to party, but if you cross one your punishment will be left up to the Winter court without a second thought or even worse: they will steal all of your luck. Tamani is a quiet ruler, only speaking when it is needed. Her guards will enforce her 'laws' without being told to do so if they see something they don't like.Main Laws and traditions: This is the season you should come to the realm if you wish to party. Summer faeries will come up with any excuse to throw a party. They will even hold a party for weeks without getting anything constructive done. When stealing a 'bride' or 'husband' in this season, do not advertise it, but advertise if you stole a musician or artist. Never reject an offer to go to a party.Autumn Court - Ruled by the Empress of Autumn, Riva. Described as an Unseelie Court.Riva is the most unpredictable ruler out of the four. There will be autumns where she leans towards how Tamani rules and then autumns where she may be as harsh as Cirno. This goes for all Autumn faeries. Many lean towards being more Unseelie, but there are some that are Seelie.\u00a0Main Laws and traditions: Do not upset the faeries.\u00a0", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "The most important thing to know about Courts of Seasons is that every season the ruler changes. Now some information about the individual courts."}}