{"post-32641": {"user": "The Kingdom of Belrow", "user_num": 1359, "timestamp": "1460335641000", "message": "Not many scholars have been allowed access to the vast library situated in the Obelisk, those that do tell of a tragic story that befell the people of Belrow.\u00a0Thousands of years ago a young race of people lived on the edge of a great river, surronded by desert. The river gave them the water needs for plentiful harvests and the people of Belrow where a happy race of living beings. Although a technologically basic peoples, their knowledge in the arcane was unmatched, vast libraries on all types of magics where created across their vast kingdom. All citizens could caste some sort of spell or enchantment. \u00a0Yet their were other people that where jealous of their prosperity and fearful of their magic might. So they conspired against them. Eventually leading to total war. The people of Belrow where a peaceful race, and the way's of war were unknown to them to a large extent. The only thing that ended up saving them was the ability to hide behind their almost impenetrable walls. The great war waged for over two hundred years, always leading to long and protracted sieges of the large cities. Hundreds of thousands died in these seiges, leading to almost a reverence for those that have died. Seeing them as finally seeing peace in death.\u00a0After hundreds of years the great catacombs that held the dead had become as vast as the cities above and was frequently used as shelter against siege weapons. When at last their enemies had destroyed all by the inner most four cities the great mages set into motion a plan to save what remained of their race from extinction. They decided that to save their race they must appear as if the enemy believed they had won. After many weeks of preparation a great ritual was created and was released in the four cities. Manifesting almost like a plague the entire race of Belrow slowly turned into fleshy husks, their bodies taking on the appearance of long mummified corpses. \u00a0Retreating into their catacombs and sealing themselves in the now undead people of Belrow was placed under a spell to allow them to sleep for thousands of years. Hoping that once they awoke their cities would be free of their enemies and that they may once more regain their empire. Their enemies thinking that the citizens of the besieged cities had died of a extremely powerful plague refused to enter the cities, fearful of the contagion, and instead retreated from the cities, and wiped them from all records, so that no one may accidentally spread the plague.\u00a0Now after thousands of years of sleep the dead have awoken, to see the world much different as the one they left it. The river had long since dried up and left the once fertile lands nothing more then a dead land. Now the mages that are left are trying desperately to undo what their curse had done. Their people unable to speak to outsiders and devoid of most personalities the nation has fallen far. They now seek to rediscover the lost cities and their libraries, hoping to once more becoming living creatures again.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Not many scholars have been allowed access to the vast library situated in the Obelisk, those that do tell of a tragic story that befell the people of Belrow.\u00a0"}}