{"post-53548": {"user": "Nara of the Snapdragon", "user_num": 1865, "timestamp": "1476419281000", "message": "Nara of the Snapdragon Clan would already be in the arena waiting for her opponent. Her dark brown hair was in a tight braid that shone in the sun as she stood in the middle of a grassy field. Her green eyes shone fiercely, a fiery determination was about her that day, she was eager to prove herself. The metal of her various weapons glinted in the sunlight with every movement.She carried in one hand a boar-spear slightly taller than herself. The weapon was typically used to hunt, but it had some unique features that made it quite useful in combat, namely the 'wings' at the base of the blade that prevented an enraged boar from working it's way up the spear shaft and attacking the hunter. These extensions were also useful for hooking various weapons. Coiled Around her waist was what seemed to be a metal chain, and one would be correct in that assumption. It was also a weapon, however, a chain whip. She also had a pair of butterfly swords, short blades meant to be wielded in tandem about the length of her forearms, sheathed along the outside of each thigh. Finally, she had a multitude of throwing daggers concealed within her leather armor, two concealed in her gauntlets, and two more strapped in a leather sheath underneath each arm.Her armor was quite simple, consisting of leather ranging gear, built more so for utility and longevity rather than protection. She wasn't going to be wearing very much armor in this fight, and she expected her opponent not to as well. However, her bracers had a layer of metal beneath the leather capable of stopping a blade. She would bury the tip of her boar-spear\u00a0into the soft earth, propping the weapon up hands-free while she waited.\u00a0", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Nara of the Snapdragon Clan would already be in the arena waiting for her opponent. Her dark brown hair was in a tight braid that shone in the sun as she stood in the middle of a grassy field. Her green eyes shone fiercely, a fiery determination was about her that day, she was eager to prove herself. The metal of her various weapons glinted in the sunlight with every movement."}, "post-53552": {"user": "Alden Marshal", "user_num": 794, "timestamp": "1476420130000", "message": "Alden pondered briefly over the events that lead him to this moment. He'd initially come to the Land Tillers Expanse to participate in a single exhibition match with Jun. It was meant to be a martial training exercise for him, while also being a favor to the girl to help promote her people's new arena. He'd meant to leave immediately after, but apparently, his fight had left an impression and he'd been asked to participate in another bout. The opponent for this bout was just a normal woman, though she had an impressive array of weapons. The boar-spear was an interesting choice to open with and might prove tricky. The chain whip was not much to worry about, it could leave a nasty bruise and get tangled around a limb, but it's weight meant it lacked the speed of a regular whip. The butterfly swords were comparable to his own twin short swords, and he imagined she had at least one knife somewhere on her person. By contrast to his opponent Alden was lightly armed, just his short swords at his hip, and the brace of throwing knives along his chest. He wore simple leather armor since the field, this time, was grassland stealth wouldn't be much of an option. The ground was mostly flat and even, though there were a few scattered rocks and holes to break things up. The High Marshal stood about 20 meters from Nara, not bothering to draw his swords. His only concession to readiness being a slight bend to his knees for easy movement. ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Alden pondered briefly over the events that lead him to this moment. He'd initially come to the Land Tillers Expanse to participate in a single exhibition match with Jun. It was meant to be a martial training exercise for him, while also being a favor to the girl to help promote her people's new arena. He'd meant to leave immediately after, but apparently, his fight had left an impression and he'd been asked to participate in another bout. "}, "post-53554": {"user": "Nara of the Snapdragon", "user_num": 1865, "timestamp": "1476420803000", "message": "Nara would begin promptly, drawing two throwing daggers, one from each of the concealed sheaths in her gauntlets. With a flicking motion of her arm and wrist, she would send the first of the blades flying towards Alden with deadly precision and speed. The blade would be aimed to hit Alden in the chest, right where his heart would be.\u00a0Nara's steady green gaze would watch him carefully then, waiting for his reaction before she threw her second throwing dagger clutched in her left hand.\u00a0", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Nara would begin promptly, drawing two throwing daggers, one from each of the concealed sheaths in her gauntlets. With a flicking motion of her arm and wrist, she would send the first of the blades flying towards Alden with deadly precision and speed. The blade would be aimed to hit Alden in the chest, right where his heart would be.\u00a0"}, "post-53555": {"user": "Alden Marshal", "user_num": 794, "timestamp": "1476421402000", "message": "Alden watched as Nara drew her daggers, reared back her arm, and as her arm descends he simply sways to the right. Once she'd committed to the throw there wasn't much she could do to adjust the path of the dagger without spoiling her aim. The dagger would sail harmlessly past him and even if she threw her second he could just transfer the momentum of his sway into a step out of the way.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Alden watched as Nara drew her daggers, reared back her arm, and as her arm descends he simply sways to the right. Once she'd committed to the throw there wasn't much she could do to adjust the path of the dagger without spoiling her aim. The dagger would sail harmlessly past him and even if she threw her second he could just transfer the momentum of his sway into a step out of the way."}, "post-53557": {"user": "Nara of the Snapdragon", "user_num": 1865, "timestamp": "1476422532000", "message": "Nara's brow would raise slightly as he dodged the throwing knife, but she wouldn't be rattled yet. As she saw him lean forward to dodge the first knife she would throw the second one right where he was leaning towards, hoping to catch him in his reaction to the first knife.\u00a0Once the knife was thrown, she would pick up her boar-spear and begin closing the distance between them.\u00a0", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Nara's brow would raise slightly as he dodged the throwing knife, but she wouldn't be rattled yet. As she saw him lean forward to dodge the first knife she would throw the second one right where he was leaning towards, hoping to catch him in his reaction to the first knife.\u00a0"}, "post-53586": {"user": "Alden Marshal", "user_num": 794, "timestamp": "1476469385000", "message": "Nara led her target well, throwing for exactly where Alden would be if he continued his lean with the same speed. But as previously noted it was a simple matter for the Marshal to go from lean to sidestep, the sudden increase in momentum changing his final position to roughly a meter from where he began. The second knife also passes harmlessly and Alden makes a mental note to explain to this fighter the flaw in using throwing knives in a face to face conflict. Throwing knives are excellent stealth weapons, easy to conceal, silent, and in the right hands deadly. However their drawbacks were a lack of range and power, and each throw is telegraphed making them easier to dodge. It was best to use a throwing knife when your opponent was unaware, or as a distraction... Unless you had increased speed and strength which could mitigate the damage.As Nara charges with her spear Alden adjusts his position, given he had only to move less than a meter compared to Nara's twenty, he'd be in position long before she arrived. He moves so that he is slightly offset from her main side, so any thrust with the spear would come at an awkward angle. One foot is behind him and the other leading, assuming Nara is right handed this would mean his right foot is out front, and his left behind. His arms are raised in a ready posture as he waits to see what she will do.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Nara led her target well, throwing for exactly where Alden would be if he continued his lean with the same speed. But as previously noted it was a simple matter for the Marshal to go from lean to sidestep, the sudden increase in momentum changing his final position to roughly a meter from where he began. "}, "post-53691": {"user": "Nara of the Snapdragon", "user_num": 1865, "timestamp": "1476568958000", "message": "Nara would close the distance quickly with her boar-spear, but she wouldn't be moving at a full on charge. Just at the right speed to allow her a multitude of options, instead of going so fast as to disallow herself to change direction due to excessive momentum. Once she was within the considerable range of her spear, she would indeed thrust at Alden from max range.\u00a0The thrust was quick, like the stinging of an insect, and would serve to harass her opponent into action, as the quick thrust would be quickly followed by more as she withdrew the spear quite easily from the short thrusts to ready for another thrust. The first thrust was aimed at Alden's midsection, and would soon be followed by more, or perhaps some other actions depending on what Alden did.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Nara would close the distance quickly with her boar-spear, but she wouldn't be moving at a full on charge. Just at the right speed to allow her a multitude of options, instead of going so fast as to disallow herself to change direction due to excessive momentum. Once she was within the considerable range of her spear, she would indeed thrust at Alden from max range.\u00a0"}, "post-53711": {"user": "Alden Marshal", "user_num": 794, "timestamp": "1476593353000", "message": "Alden nods in appreciation when Nara turns from a charge to a more sedate approach, it was the right move. She also opted to stay at her maximum range and harry him with the spear, another good choice. The spears main advantage was range, and capitalizing on that was smart. Unfortunately, Alden could see that she was at her max range which was just barely close enough to reach him. Unfortunately, the issue with staying at the maximum range was that it was easier to dodge. Alden turns to the side minimizing his profile and the target Nara had to target, the move being relatively simple to execute from his ready position. Then as she darts out her spear in quick thrusts he sways from left to right and occasionally back as needed, dodging each thrust by a narrow margin. His stances narrow profile making it easy to dodge. He keeps his left hand raised behind him and his right arm slight bent and held forward, his eyes stay trained on Nara's hips and shoulders where any movement forward would begin.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Alden nods in appreciation when Nara turns from a charge to a more sedate approach, it was the right move. She also opted to stay at her maximum range and harry him with the spear, another good choice. The spears main advantage was range, and capitalizing on that was smart. Unfortunately, Alden could see that she was at her max range which was just barely close enough to reach him. "}, "post-53784": {"user": "Nara of the Snapdragon", "user_num": 1865, "timestamp": "1476734052000", "message": "Nara seems to gain a bit of a scowl as the fight goes on, which was a by-product of her intense concentration. Her opponent was indeed different, as some others had told her. The ease with which he dodged her spear thrusts, and how often he did not have to give any ground was definitely uncommon, perhaps even un-natural. Still, she managed to make him lose some ground with a few well places spear thrusts and would adapt as she continued on.Whenever Alden stepped back, Nara would shuffle forward maintaining her stance by not raising her feet. She would begin to employ some new strategies in her attacks as well as things went on. She would begin to slightly alter the angle of her thrusts every time, to make the point harder to track. She would also attempt to predict where Alden would dodge and adjust her thrusts. Also she would occasionally sweep her spear slightly to either side as she thrusted in an attempt to at least cut Alden with one of the sharpened sides of the spear.\u00a0", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Nara seems to gain a bit of a scowl as the fight goes on, which was a by-product of her intense concentration. Her opponent was indeed different, as some others had told her. The ease with which he dodged her spear thrusts, and how often he did not have to give any ground was definitely uncommon, perhaps even un-natural. Still, she managed to make him lose some ground with a few well places spear thrusts and would adapt as she continued on."}, "post-53813": {"user": "Alden Marshal", "user_num": 794, "timestamp": "1476754878000", "message": "Creativity, that was promising. She'd realized that her straight forward thrust wouldn't work so she changed tactics. She maintained distance but kept her grip loose so she could alter the course of her thrust with every strike. It was a good strategy, though she sacrificed some power in exchange for flexibility in movement. The issue was she thought he was tracking movement by the point of her spear, his eyes were trained on her body as previously mentioned. Her shoulders, forearms, and hips he could clearly see all three from this distance making observing the subtle shifts of angle easy. He continued dodging for a moment then he changed strategy. Planting his feet he watches carefully, using subtle adjustments in her arms and shoulders to predict where the spears head will go, one eye on her hips just in case she tries a sudden lunge.  When she goes for a swipe. Alden sways backward dodging the tip by a hair's breath, then the right hand he'd kept at the ready darts into grasp the spear's haft just behind the point.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Creativity, that was promising. She'd realized that her straight forward thrust wouldn't work so she changed tactics. She maintained distance but kept her grip loose so she could alter the course of her thrust with every strike. It was a good strategy, though she sacrificed some power in exchange for flexibility in movement. "}, "post-53957": {"user": "Nara of the Snapdragon", "user_num": 1865, "timestamp": "1476904257000", "message": "Nara would set into motion her counter as soon as Alden grasped the haft of her spear, a move she was not able to react to and avoid immediately.\u00a0She would immediately pull the spear back and closer to her body while rotating the weapon upwards to be in a position similar to an ox guard for longsword technique. The twisting motion of the spear would hopefully break Alden's grip on the weapon, and if not Nara would have superior leverage with the weapon closer to her body, and the point of the spear would be in a perfect position to strike at Alden, who would be pulled inwards if he maintained his grip, along with having his arm twisted somewhat uncomfortably.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Nara would set into motion her counter as soon as Alden grasped the haft of her spear, a move she was not able to react to and avoid immediately.\u00a0"}, "post-53961": {"user": "Alden Marshal", "user_num": 794, "timestamp": "1476905391000", "message": "Alden's eyes noted the beginning of the rotation of the wrist. It was a perfectly executed maneuver to extricate her spear from his hands. However, it also meant he knew her spear would be retreating straight back. He loosens his grip on her spear as he steps in, letting it rotate through his hands. His step is more of a lunge, pushing off with his left foot widening his stance and bringing him close enough to strike. He drags his left foot behind him and as she completes her withdrawal of the spear, he releases it and snaps his right hand in a sort of chopping jab directly at the base of her rib cage. The blow is relatively light, no more than what most people could manage and would do little more than drive the air from her lungs. He also brings his left hand alongside his body and keeps it at the ready.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Alden's eyes noted the beginning of the rotation of the wrist. It was a perfectly executed maneuver to extricate her spear from his hands. However, it also meant he knew her spear would be retreating straight back. He loosens his grip on her spear as he steps in, letting it rotate through his hands. His step is more of a lunge, pushing off with his left foot widening his stance and bringing him close enough to strike. "}, "post-54462": {"user": "Nara of the Snapdragon", "user_num": 1865, "timestamp": "1477336130000", "message": "Nara was quite surprised to find that Alden knew exactly what to do to maintain control of her weapon as he loosened his grip to allow the shaft to rotate in his hand rather than grasping on tightly enough for his arm to be twisted. Nara was evaluating her options quite frantically as he stepped in still holding her weapon, until he let go of her spear. This gave Nara quite a few more favorable options now, as her move was meant to break his grip from her weapon in the first place.\u00a0As soon as Alden's grip left Nara's spear and he no longer had control of the weapon she thrust\u00a0the spear forward and down, loosening the grip of her front hand to guide the weapon as her back-hand drove the point forward at Alden's right flank, around where his ribs and armpit would be. Nara put as much speed as she could into the strike, banking on the fact that it was highly unlikely that her opponent would be able to react in time given his step in towards her, and his position so close to her.Nara's attack came out fast enough after Alden let go of her spear that both of the attacks would land around the same time should either one connect, and it was highly unlikely either party could land their respective attacks and come out unscathed. The difference was however, Alden was attacking with his hand while Nara thrust with a sharp spear. Given Alden's stance leading with his right flank and Nara's targeting of that right flank, Alden's left arm would not be able to reach over in time either should he commit to the chop at Nara's ribs.\u00a0", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Nara was quite surprised to find that Alden knew exactly what to do to maintain control of her weapon as he loosened his grip to allow the shaft to rotate in his hand rather than grasping on tightly enough for his arm to be twisted. Nara was evaluating her options quite frantically as he stepped in still holding her weapon, until he let go of her spear. This gave Nara quite a few more favorable options now, as her move was meant to break his grip from her weapon in the first place.\u00a0"}, "post-54471": {"user": "Alden Marshal", "user_num": 794, "timestamp": "1477339149000", "message": "Well, it's true that if Alden would have been hard pressed to react if his left hand was in the position he'd been maintaining before, he'd moved the arm as he stepped in. His arm was alongside his body in position to react to exactly what Nara was attempting. So though The High Marshal is impressed that she recovered in time to make her thrust, he was ready for it. The tip of the spear his met by Alden's hand about six inches from where it would connect with his body, the assassin simply pushing the tip slightly of course so that it would pass harmlessly to the side. If she was fast she might manage to still slice into his leather armor with the wings, but it would be a far less damaging blow than what she was hoping for. It also meant she was taking the full brunt of his attack.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Well, it's true that if Alden would have been hard pressed to react if his left hand was in the position he'd been maintaining before, he'd moved the arm as he stepped in. His arm was alongside his body in position to react to exactly what Nara was attempting. So though The High Marshal is impressed that she recovered in time to make her thrust, he was ready for it. The tip of the spear his met by Alden's hand about six inches from where it would connect with his body, the assassin simply pushing the tip slightly of course so that it would pass harmlessly to the side. If she was fast she might manage to still slice into his leather armor with the wings, but it would be a far less damaging blow than what she was hoping for. It also meant she was taking the full brunt of his attack."}, "post-55317": {"user": "Nara of the Snapdragon", "user_num": 1865, "timestamp": "1478046166000", "message": "Nara was almost 100% sure she would land her attack on Alden, and she had committed fully to it with all of her might put behind thrusting the spear forward. The way she had moved was optimal in countering Alden's grasping of her spear as she didn't simply pull away to disengage from her spear but also put herself in a position to strike as well. This was one of the most fundamental ideas of melee combat, to put oneself in a position to attack and defend at a moment's notice, preferably to do both at the same time. To limit oneself to either one or the other option at any given moment meant they left themselves vulnerable.\u00a0Yet still her attack did not seem to be quite as effective at hitting Alden as she thought it would be as he easily batted aside her spear thrust with all the power she could muster behind it a mere six inches from his body. A couple more milliseconds and Alden would have been stabbed. Of course, this feat was accomplished in tandem with his previous downward strike with his fist at the base of Nara's ribs.\u00a0Nara would be momentarily dumbfounded to find her attack didn't even scratch him, and her eyes would soon widen in a bit of panic as the effects of Alden's blow took hold, which forced the air out of her lungs and left her gasping for air, except her entire core seemed to tighten up on its own accord which meant she was getting no air. This would only cause Nara to grow even more desperate. This fight would most likely be over soon, as Nara had left herself completely open from her previous attack and she was very vulnerable given that she couldn't breathe, in fact, it was quite surprising she remained able to maintain her footing.Nara would stumble back a bit, turning the spear in her grip and wildly swinging the butt of her spear around to try and connect with where she last remembered seeing Alden's head. One of her hands would reach to clutch at her stomach where she had been hit though, and she was able to coax a few small gasps of air into her lungs then.\u00a0", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Nara was almost 100% sure she would land her attack on Alden, and she had committed fully to it with all of her might put behind thrusting the spear forward. The way she had moved was optimal in countering Alden's grasping of her spear as she didn't simply pull away to disengage from her spear but also put herself in a position to strike as well. This was one of the most fundamental ideas of melee combat, to put oneself in a position to attack and defend at a moment's notice, preferably to do both at the same time. To limit oneself to either one or the other option at any given moment meant they left themselves vulnerable.\u00a0"}, "post-55330": {"user": "Alden Marshal", "user_num": 794, "timestamp": "1478055212000", "message": "Alden watches as the woman takes a step back. He's impressed by her reflexes and training. Most people he fought wouldn't have been able to react as well as she had. After all, she'd had to react to two unexpected things, him not letting go of the spear when he should have and him letting go when he shouldn't. To be able to do so without enhanced reflexes pushed the limits of what was possible. Still, he'd planned for such an eventuality and though it was awkward his block had succeeded.At this point, the fight was essentially over. He could begin applying pressure while she recovered and if he was smart she'd never regain her previous momentum. He looks at her and then draws his short sword falling into a ready stance. She could either surrender or see how well she fared when he stopped fighting bare handed against her.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Alden watches as the woman takes a step back. He's impressed by her reflexes and training. Most people he fought wouldn't have been able to react as well as she had. After all, she'd had to react to two unexpected things, him not letting go of the spear when he should have and him letting go when he shouldn't. To be able to do so without enhanced reflexes pushed the limits of what was possible. Still, he'd planned for such an eventuality and though it was awkward his block had succeeded."}, "post-55683": {"user": "Nara of the Snapdragon", "user_num": 1865, "timestamp": "1478548449000", "message": "After recovering from the blow and drawing in breath again, momentary panic gave way to anger, though this anger would only flash briefly over Nara's features. She wasn't angry at Alden for beating her, but more so angry at herself.\u00a0Clearly, she had messed up at some point to allow Alden to win, some small or large mistake she had made which led to this outcome. Nara did not like it at all when things didn't go perfectly - when she didn't perform perfectly. As far as she was concerned this fight was over, as she didn't want to continue fighting a duel that was already lost.\u00a0\"You win,\" she quipped, her disappointment clear in her voice before she turned sharply on her heel and began walking out of the arena, her handing clutching her spear tightly.\u00a0", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "After recovering from the blow and drawing in breath again, momentary panic gave way to anger, though this anger would only flash briefly over Nara's features. She wasn't angry at Alden for beating her, but more so angry at herself.\u00a0"}, "post-55694": {"user": "Alden Marshal", "user_num": 794, "timestamp": "1478574413000", "message": "\"Control yourself first, your opponent second, the battlefield last. You failed at the second.\"Alden calls to her as she disappears giving the advice that he feels will most benefit her. She had played it too safely and too cautiously, in maintaining distance she'd not been able to pressure him as effectively as she would have if she got close. Well her tactics would work against most normal fighters against someone who anticipated attacks, the range provided too much telegraphing for each move. She'd at no point done anything that took him by surprise or forced him into a bad situation. With the fight over to the mixed cheers and jeers from the crowd, some applauding the skill others the lack of spectacle, Alden departs the arena with two wins under his belt.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "\"Control yourself first, your opponent second, the battlefield last. You failed at the second.\""}}