{"post-87386": {"user": "Alverein De Nelethas", "user_num": 3260, "timestamp": "1543723578000", "message": "Alverein De Nelethas, a name all but removed from history. Once heralded as a hero, he has mostly fallen into the footnotes of history as an attempter of regicide, though stories of his skills and care form the people can occasionally be found. Spending decades in self imposed isolation he has recently resurfaced in a small out of the way crossroads settlement of farmers and loggers. Now he lives in a humble log cabin on the outskirts of town. Now he knows that stories leak and people talk, and he would probably have to move at some point, but you never know who might find you when you show up after you show up after supposedly being dead for years.\u00a0", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Alverein De Nelethas, a name all but removed from history. Once heralded as a hero, he has mostly fallen into the footnotes of history as an attempter of regicide, though stories of his skills and care form the people can occasionally be found. Spending decades in self imposed isolation he has recently resurfaced in a small out of the way crossroads settlement of farmers and loggers. Now he lives in a humble log cabin on the outskirts of town. Now he knows that stories leak and people talk, and he would probably have to move at some point, but you never know who might find you when you show up after you show up after supposedly being dead for years.\u00a0"}, "post-87390": {"user": "Alverein De Nelethas", "user_num": 3260, "timestamp": "1543729046000", "message": "Alverein let out a slight sigh as he brought the axe down with a crack as it split the log in half. He set one of the halves onto the base and swung again. He liked the simple life and the simple exercise and labor. Another simple series of actions and the axe came back down with a crack of splitting wood. He collected the wood and took a couple steps and set it upon the pile. He didn't need it now, but it was better to get a good sized pile and let it dry for months before winter came. ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Alverein let out a slight sigh as he brought the axe down with a crack as it split the log in half. He set one of the halves onto the base and swung again. He liked the simple life and the simple exercise and labor. Another simple series of actions and the axe came back down with a crack of splitting wood. He collected the wood and took a couple steps and set it upon the pile. He didn't need it now, but it was better to get a good sized pile and let it dry for months before winter came. "}}