{"post-95117": {"user": "The Divine Empire of Vessia", "user_num": 1951, "timestamp": "1580678736000", "message": "A very menacing building in the heart of Augustgrad, it is only second to the Palace in grandeur. A whole Regiment is stationed within it, for it is known that frequently the entire leadership of the Divine Empire of Vessia will assemble here with much need for security. There are many chambers of different sizes for all the many possible assemblies, though the largest is a massive room looking like the synthesis of a Cathedral and theatre allowing for representatives of all Imperial interests possible to assemble.\u00a0", "link_list": [], "image_list": ["https://cdnb.artstation.com/p/assets/images/images/003/014/111/large/ji-young-joo-joo-castle-03.jpg?1468502598", "https://i.pinimg.com/originals/f0/e3/3a/f0e33a208a326a9478d9ede3a44a4d40.jpg"], "html": "A very menacing building in the heart of Augustgrad, it is only second to the Palace in grandeur. A whole Regiment is stationed within it, for it is known that frequently the entire leadership of the Divine Empire of Vessia will assemble here with much need for security. There are many chambers of different sizes for all the many possible assemblies, though the largest is a massive room looking like the synthesis of a Cathedral and theatre allowing for representatives of all Imperial interests possible to assemble.\u00a0"}, "post-95185": {"user": "Count Elric of Bergland", "user_num": 3436, "timestamp": "1580823677000", "message": "After preparing for the Imperial Diet in his quarters, the young Count Elric proceeded to Die Reichstag via coach.  This visit to Augustgrad marked his first in many years.  He had often visited the capital in his younger years alongside his father, the late Count Richter, though he was only ever an observer.  The family advised against his visitation to Augustgrad amid fears that his affliction might be discovered.  But with the death of Richter the burden of imperial politics fell on his shoulders.The Diet was familiar with Count Richter, the former Elector of the Bergland.  He was a strong advocate of centralization, territorial expansion, the Imperial family, and a fervent supporter of the late Emperor; he was known as a great orator, loved by the Emperor's supporters, and hated by his opponents.  Unfortunately - or rather fortunately for some -  he had been killed in the very same ambush as Rexus.  The court was aware of his demise and expected a replacement.  Many might remember Elric by name, but fewer would recognize him in his manhood.Assisted by a walking cane, Count Elric stepped out of his coach and headed into the Reichstag.  His legs would fail him on occasion thanks to his illness, but no one would be made any the wiser thanks to reports that he had suffered an injury during the recent battle.This particular Diet had been called for three primary reasons.  First, it was customary for the court to meet during an interregnum.  Second, a foreigner by the name of Dorman Bovar intended to appeal before the Diet on behalf of the burgeoning trade port of Hansa.  Finally, the Electors no doubt expected a report of the recent voluntary campaign undertaken by Count Elric.To that end Count Elric had made predetermined arrangements.For starters, Franz Junger had been formally invited to the Diet.  He was to be congratulated, rewarded, and hopefully promoted.  The Battle of Junger Hill, named after the Imperial soldier himself, had been freshly printed from Augustgrad's presses.  Depictions of a battle featuring the imperial hero Franz Junger, assisted by the newly appointed Count Elric of the Bergland enamored the imaginations of the people.  This spread of information was helped in no small part by Berglander agents.Another action taken by the Count involved the transport of a modest fund to the Reichstag.  It would be distributed to the families affected by the deaths at Junger Hill, and Elric hoped to encourage his fellow Electors to donate generously.Elric's game had a dual purpose.  For starters, he had to establish his presence: he was the son of Richter and his replacement, and the Diet would be made aware.But he was also here to maintain unity within the Empire.  The more clever would note how adamant the press reported the heroics of Franz Junger.  The man was an Imperial soldier; he fought for no count nor province, but for the Empire alone.  By casting a light on this man Count Elric cast a light on Vessia itself.  It would highlight the strength and unity of the Empire.  Though the voluntary campaign was a joint venture between Elric and Augustgrad, it was currently seen by more as an Imperial victory, not a Bergland victory.It was also in Elric's nature to naturally raise funds for the families affected by the Battle of Junger Hill; he genuinely cared for their well-being and wanted to see them properly compensated.  But by bringing the matter to the Diet and encouraging the other Electors to donate?  Elric hoped this would draw the court together in a common cause: support Vessia, support her troops.It was a gamble, for sure.  But Count Elric was confident.  As the Reichstag filled with attendants and observers the Berglander took his place at the podium above.  Behind him sat Dorman Bovar, and there was a seat reserved for Franz Junger as well.  When the attendants were all accounted for a crier would quieten them down so the new Elector of Augendorf could give his first official oral presentation to his contemporaries...", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "After preparing for the Imperial Diet in his quarters, the young Count Elric proceeded to "}, "post-95244": {"user": "Franz Junger", "user_num": 3584, "timestamp": "1580952318000", "message": "Franz had been invited to Augustgrad, and to the Reichstag no less. To be frank he was scared shitless. An invite was something one could decline, but when contrasting his rank and that of the people \u201ckindly requesting\u201d his presence it was hard to not feel a little bit of what could best be described of skepticism. Well, he hadn\u2019t done anything wrong and if what other people were telling the Lieutenant-Colonel was true then he was to look forward to quite the ovation. Then again, if his face was everywhere then it meant that he should look out for people investigating him. Even if the Witch Hunters and Dark Clerks found nothing wrong with his records which - knowing their methodology - wasn\u2019t guaranteed, there were always the old guard of Vessian society so against potential social mobility (and hence competition) they\u2019d do very nasty things to Franz or possibly his reputation. But all of that was out of his control, a thought which was supposed to calm the man but didn\u2019t quite do the job. The fellow considered a smoke, a drink and a whoring to calm himself but quickly stopped that train of thought knowing it would be the perfect set of defamations if caught. No, he simply spent a day polishing his armour and cleaning his cape (the only vaguely formal things he had to wear) before riding off to the Imperial capital, replacing his active duties with the service of the young Paul Urach von Eisenfaust. The lad was young, very young and brought into his position from noble nepotism. With that said, he was certainly very bright and applied his education well; Franz trusted him to hold the territories of the Empire intact.Stepping into the Reichstag, Franz was very much intimidated. He knew very few faces among those present, but he could take a good guess at whom many of the people present are. While far from all people with a direct vote in the Election of the Emperor had arrived, all of them had sent off at least a representative of their name. There were also many who didn\u2019t have a vote, but were nevertheless very powerful with each decision swaying the lives of many people. Witch Hunters, Arch Bishops, Dark Clerks, Inquisitors, Generals, Bankers, Merchants, Masters of Knightly Orders, Wizards, Alchemists, Tinkerers, Professors, Doctors, Admirals, Mercenary Band Leaders, Guildmasters, Lords and Ladies, listing all the different people seated in the building made Lieutenant-Colonel Junger dizzy and that was if he ignored those he couldn\u2019t quite ping down properly. Keeping his helmet in an arm and with the other on his sword the Officer took a seat, trying to keep his lunch in. The man tried to think of pleasant things, such as the fact that all those men he got killed would have their widows and mums helped grieve by a generous donation to be accumulated today. ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Franz had been invited to Augustgrad, and to the Reichstag no less. To be frank he was scared shitless. An invite was something one could decline, but when contrasting his rank and that of the people \u201ckindly requesting\u201d his presence it was hard to not feel a little bit of what could best be described of skepticism. Well, he hadn\u2019t done anything wrong and if what other people were telling the Lieutenant-Colonel was true then he was to look forward to quite the ovation. Then again, if his face was everywhere then it meant that he should look out for people investigating him. Even if the Witch Hunters and Dark Clerks found nothing wrong with his records which - knowing their methodology - wasn\u2019t guaranteed, there were always the old guard of Vessian society so against potential social mobility (and hence competition) they\u2019d do very nasty things to Franz or possibly his reputation. "}, "post-95245": {"user": "King Ottokar II", "user_num": 3437, "timestamp": "1580952351000", "message": "King Ottokar stepped into the Reichstag, the magnificent furry cape of his dress of office trailing behind him. His head was held up high and his chest puffed out so that his tall and broad shouldered build would be further enlarged. Otto had a strange blend of disciplined elegance in his general air and appearance, with that of base \u201cbrutality\u201d. Seemingly he made no effort to intentionally stomp with his heavy boots and yet each step produced a noise not too loud, but yet somehow audible across the whole Diet\u2019s room. His face had absolutely no expression and yet somehow he managed to look smug; he made sure to walk slowly land through the middle of the walkways but yet somehow anyone he walked by felt cramped for space by his presence. This was the King of the Egyszers, the man representing that noisy ethnicity that was second only to Vessischers in number and was a headache to almost all of Vessia\u2019s rulers that had them as a minority. Proud of his kinsmen Ottokar was very much interested in stoking ethnic nationalism across all the Empire not only amongst Egyszers but amongst various Easterlings and Westerlings too. However, he nevertheless put many resources into having himself depicted as a vanguard of Imperial reactionary thought. He was one of the largest patrons of the Church, the secret police forces, and more. The man took his seat, eager to hear out what was to be said, what was to happen. He had some opinions on the agenda, but largely he\u2019d parrot that which those he aligned himself with were saying. He thought that Hansa should be allowed a permanent position of speaker in Imperial Diets and Elections, but should not hold any formalized power; it should be like the holdings of one of the many Free Knights of the Empire, only service to the State potentially later earning power in decision making rather than just a voice. As for Junger\u2026 well, the Egyszer Kingdom had very, very little gold with not a single mine producing the stuff. But! He was sure other honours could be provided to the officer along with other gifts to the fallen of his troops. But Elric was certainly mistaken if he believed the little propaganda show would make Ottokar forget the plight of Egyszers across the Empire and the need for their liberation.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "King Ottokar stepped into the Reichstag, the magnificent furry cape of his dress of office trailing behind him. His head was held up high and his chest puffed out so that his tall and broad shouldered build would be further enlarged. Otto had a strange blend of disciplined elegance in his general air and appearance, with that of base \u201cbrutality\u201d. Seemingly he made no effort to intentionally stomp with his heavy boots and yet each step produced a noise not too loud, but yet somehow audible across the whole Diet\u2019s room. His face had absolutely no expression and yet somehow he managed to look smug; he made sure to walk slowly land through the middle of the walkways but yet somehow anyone he walked by felt cramped for space by his presence. "}, "post-95246": {"user": "Vahlent von Rexus", "user_num": 3523, "timestamp": "1580952388000", "message": "Vahlent of the Rexus family entered shortly after Ottokar. He much like Elric had not been to the Imperial capital much before, if for the somewhat more understandable reason of his age. His uncle - the former Emperor - had once taken him there previously but he hadn\u2019t learned much then, the luxuries and excesses of the place being far more interesting to the youth. But now with the death of Alexander he was the representative of the family and made into a full Elector; he couldn\u2019t reject his family\u2019s demands lest he conveniently disappear and someone else take his place. Pressure quickly changed a self indulging boy into a scheming bastard. In truth, he didn\u2019t have too much interest in what was to be happening today. But today would be good day to make connections, and to arrange later meetings. There were certain political currents he didn\u2019t very much like, and he needed to make a good impression upon Elric in hopes of creating an ally.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Vahlent of the Rexus family entered shortly after Ottokar. He much like Elric had not been to the Imperial capital much before, if for the somewhat more understandable reason of his age. His uncle - the former Emperor - had once taken him there previously but he hadn\u2019t learned much then, the luxuries and excesses of the place being far more interesting to the youth. But now with the death of Alexander he was the representative of the family and made into a full Elector; he couldn\u2019t reject his family\u2019s demands lest he conveniently disappear and someone else take his place. Pressure quickly changed a self indulging boy into a scheming bastard. "}, "post-95499": {"user": "Johann IV of Bayern", "user_num": 3483, "timestamp": "1581445004000", "message": "The train of the Duchy of Bayern, at least those that belonged in Ingerhold and were sympathetic to it, came all at once into the hall. Not the largest faction by any means when it came to a headcount. But together in column they proved a glorious sight, dressed in flowing finery. All sashaying behind their self appointed head. The Boar. Uncharacteristically quiet for several months, hiding and ruffling in his home woods. There was none as dressed as richly as him, with as large feathers in his cap. By design of course. Could not be shown up by some knight or merchant. Especially merchants in this case. The procession stopped at their seats, taking their places on cue. A united front, taking the example of their head.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "The train of the Duchy of Bayern, at least those that belonged in Ingerhold and were sympathetic to it, came all at once into the hall. Not the largest faction by any means when it came to a headcount. But together in column they proved a glorious sight, dressed in flowing finery. All sashaying behind their self appointed head. "}, "post-95603": {"user": "Count Elric of Bergland", "user_num": 3436, "timestamp": "1581778419000", "message": "Elric took a seat on the main stage by Franz Junger, and attempted small-talk to keep the man's nerves at ease.  Dorman Bovar was assigned a seat as well, but primarily spoke with merchants and other advisers.  Numerous other individuals flooded into the chamber.  They were here to not only hear what Elric and Dorman had to say, but ight be interested in anything the other attendants might bring up.When all of the expected assembly was gathered an older gentleman stood at the podium.  \"Quiet!\" he cried in a futile attempt.  \"Quiet!  The procession shall begin!\"  When it became apparent his voice could not overcome the loud chattering that echoed throughout the Reichstag he turned and looked at his comrade, Siggy.  An absolute monster of a man, Siggy was easily one of the tallest individuals in the room, with arms as big as a tree trunk.  The massive man was perhaps only rivaled by King Ottokar II.  His only job was to quieten the room when ordered to.\"Ahem.  HEEEEY!  Siggy's voice blasted across the assembly, overtaking even the loudest of chatterers.  The booming cacophony that erupted form his mouth was more than enough to quieten the Reichstag.  His job complete, he nodded at the crier then sat back down; he was notorious for dozing off.\"Now then,\" the crier continued, having garnered the full attention of those present.  \"The Reichstag is now in session.  Allow me to introduce Count Elric of the Bergland, Elector of Augendorf.\"  As Elric stood up and approached the podium - assisted by his cane - the crier motioned and bowed as he moved away.\"My countrymen,\" Elric began.  If his nerves had not been shot before, they were now.  There was a different kind of fear speaking to an assembly compared to fighting greenskins.  \"I am Count Elric: son, heir, and successor of the late Count Richter - who was killed in the very same ambush that claimed the life of our beloved Emperor Alexander.\"As many of you are certainly aware by now, a greenskin army was defeated by the combined forces of Imperial forces and their Berglander allies, just south of Tauenberg Pass.  This so-called Battle of Junger Hill has been appropriately named after the hero of that engagement,\" Elric turned and motioned with one hand towards Lieutenant Junger in case the audience was unaware of his presence.  \"I am here today to provide a report on the battle, to garner support for Lieutenant Junger's promotion, and to raise funds for the families who lost a father, a brother, or a husband in the battle.\"The Emperor was assassinated in the proximity of Tauenberg Pass by greenskins.  In order to exact vengeance on this menace, to protect lucrative trade ventures, and to ensure public order, Imperial forces rendezvoused with Berglander units at Tauenberg Pass to meet and defeat this opponent.  Lieutenant Franz Junger was given command of the vanguard and proceeded south, followed by the main army commanded by myself.  The allied forces arrived and entrenched themselves at Junger Hill.  The orkish army presented itself the next day.\"Greenskin forces bombarded our position with artillery before charging our gallant infantrymen.  The day would have been lost if it were not for Lieutenant Franz.  Thanks to his bravery, his discipline, and his experience, Junger Hill was held against all odds until the cavalry were able to arrive and turn the tide of battle.  The greenskin force was annihilated.\"For his service, leadership, and bravery, I hereby nominate Lieutenant Franz Junger for a promotion.  Are there any who object?\"", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Elric took a seat on the main stage by Franz Junger, and attempted small-talk to keep the man's nerves at ease.  Dorman Bovar was assigned a seat as well, but primarily spoke with merchants and other advisers.  Numerous other individuals flooded into the chamber.  They were here to not only hear what Elric and Dorman had to say, but ight be interested in anything the other attendants might bring up."}, "post-95617": {"user": "Franz Junger", "user_num": 3584, "timestamp": "1581882570000", "message": "There wasn't anything for Franz to say, really. All these upper crust people had their gazes upon him intensify upon the mention of his name, and it was through a feat of willpower he was able to overcome his body's impulse to wet himself. Elric tried to calm him down before the Diet started properly but it was of no use. At most he smiled and nodded when he could, bowing gratefully at the end. He felt better when people were trying to crack his skull open with a mace or pollaxe than he did now. ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "There wasn't anything for Franz to say, really. All these upper crust people had their gazes upon him intensify upon the mention of his name, and it was through a feat of willpower he was able to overcome his body's impulse to wet himself. Elric tried to calm him down before the Diet started properly but it was of no use. At most he smiled and nodded when he could, bowing gratefully at the end. He felt better when people were trying to crack his skull open with a mace or pollaxe than he did now. "}, "post-95619": {"user": "King Ottokar II", "user_num": 3437, "timestamp": "1581883863000", "message": "Otto sat rather comfortably, waiting for the session to start giving only a small salute to Johann upon seeing him enter the building. The Egyszer crossed his arms as the event properly began, looking on at Elric with an upraised eyebrow. If Ottokar was a cynic - which he indeed was - he would say that the elector was opening on such a cheery note that not many could really go against with hopes of garnering general sympathy from the audience for all that he said. Well, going against the proposal would in some circles be political suicide, even if potentially it was a pragmatic choice. For now the King only looked along the rows of seating to see the reactions of others present. ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Otto sat rather comfortably, waiting for the session to start giving only a small salute to Johann upon seeing him enter the building. The Egyszer crossed his arms as the event properly began, looking on at Elric with an upraised eyebrow. If Ottokar was a cynic - which he indeed was - he would say that the elector was opening on such a cheery note that not many could really go against with hopes of garnering general sympathy from the audience for all that he said. Well, going against the proposal would in some circles be political suicide, even if potentially it was a pragmatic choice. For now the King only looked along the rows of seating to see the reactions of others present. "}, "post-95620": {"user": "Vahlent von Rexus", "user_num": 3523, "timestamp": "1581884916000", "message": "Vahlent likewise didn't have much to say for what was to happen, but in an eagerness to make a friend for himself out of Elric he made sure to speak up in vocal support. \"Such heroism must always be rewarded! The good Lieutenant-Colonel well deserves to become Field Marshal, and a medal for all the new veterans.\"", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Vahlent likewise didn't have much to say for what was to happen, but in an eagerness to make a friend for himself out of Elric he made sure to speak up in vocal support. \"Such heroism must always be rewarded! The good Lieutenant-Colonel well deserves to become Field Marshal, and a medal for all the new veterans.\""}}