{"post-3218": {"user": "Countess Camilla Blake", "user_num": 35, "timestamp": "1432946832000", "message": "This is to help give a rundown as to what is going on currently, feel free to state the quest name and give a recap for people needing info. This thread is not a requirement for you to post your ongoing quests in. When your quest is done, please edit your post to reflect that. This is for the big quests only because little quests are easier to follow.The Last MonarchyProtagonists:Countess Camilla Blake - Currently involved in another questcassiusIsaiah the CrowMaelik The FellbladeRien@feruziaQuest issued by\u00a0King Hylon EremaeAntagonists not listed for the momentThe Story it started with:Assuming he cleared the room, Camilla closed her eyes and took a heavy breath. It was a great burden for her, this story, one that haunted her. When she worked up the resolve enough to speak, she lifted her golden eyes to his own and the tale spilled out.\"I am... was... Princess Camilla D'Arcy, only daughter, and child, to King Ivor and Queen Elle of Verri. My people were proud and good people, and the kingdom flourished before my father's mind was poisoned with the grief of my mother's death.\" She closed her eyes and swallowed. \"I was only a child when she died, and she took a large piece of him. She died in child birth, my brother, his heir, with her. They had been trying for many years to produce a son, and after five lost babies, she was finally able to give my father a son, but her body was weak and could not handle the birth, thus, their deaths.\"She paused for a moment, opening her eyes once again, and this time, staring off at nothing in particular, not showing much emotion because she was a proud and stubborn young woman and would not let anyone see the weakness that is grief. \"My father was never the same. He... started to plot and plan things that weren't good for Verri, or for me. He was in fear that our little kingdom would fall if he didn't make powerful allies. So he reached out to a neighboring kingdom, and this king and his men marched into the castle to a feast. The king of that kingdom, King Thorn of Assara, was an ambitious, greedy, evil man. He and my father conferred for a long time, and eventually, a treaty was made. I remember my father standing up from his throne when he was to make his announcement, no... feeling, no peace on his face. He looked me in the eye, Highness, and his voice boomed over his court.'It is a grand day,' he said, 'The good King Thorn has agreed to protect us in times of war. In return, I have granted him my only daughter, that she should wed his son, Prince Harvold. It has been agreed that the second son of this union, shall take place as my heir.'I remember the whispers of the people, shock and dismay for this happening. I was horrified, for Harvold was not a good man either, and he was much older than I.\" Her eyes met his again and, there was something there that marked her words as true, a raw honesty.\"Harvold was not kind to me when he laid eyes on me. His smile promised cruelty, and he once kissed me and split my lip when I would have it otherwise. He blackened my eye and would have.... would have...\" she winced, leaving that part unsaid, \"But my father walked into the room. And the prince said to him that I had fallen and he was trying to make sure I was well.\" Her anger was apparent on her face then, she spoke the next words through clenched teeth, \"I could not do it, Majesty. I could not... Marry that man... He would have ended me. I could not let his bloodline continue and rule Verri! I had to think of my people and myself!\"He would be able to see she was trembling a little, and she stopped speaking so as to compose herself and tamp down the display of emotion. There was a long pause in which silence was best, even from Hylon.When she began to speak again, it was with a flat voice, \"I ran away that night, and went into hiding. I needed to buy some time for myself and possibly go to other kingdoms to find help, to get my people out of the clutches of this man. I was only a child, still, of fifteen, Majesty, but even I knew the dire consequences. I disguised myself as a boy and fled to a neighboring kingdom. I learned through my travels that King Thorn had struck up this alliance with my father in order to get his hands on an old treasure that we supposedly had in our land, one that would bring riches and power. I was shocked to learn about this, and I made haste to get back to Verri..... But... it was too late. I returned to ravaged land, no people in sight... I had to be careful not to be seen, and kept myself well hidden as best as I could, and returned to the castle through a secret passage, and I went to my father's side. He lay in a pool of his own blood, barely clinging to life... 'Daughter,' he said, 'I have done you a grave disservice.' Blood was at the corner of his mouth, and I can remember him putting his cold hand to my face, 'You must go and never come back. Please... The kingdom... is lost.'That was the last thing he said to me, sire, before he took his last, wheezing breath. I felt the ground shake as catapults launched fiery tar and boulders against the walls. I... tried to drag my father away, but I could feel my lungs burning with smoke as the north wall collapsed. I had no choice but to leave my father behind and fled, once again.\" And then it would make sense as to why her voice was not the pretty voice of a lady, but raspy instead.\"That was ten years ago, Majesty.\" She said, and this was the one and only time she had opened up about the past. Despite her best efforts, a single tear droplet rolled, unchecked, down her cheek and splotched onto the bodice of the gown she wore. \"I couldn't save them... Couldn't save my father, or my people.\"The Object being Sought:A Jeweled Scepter that enhances the holder's power based on alignmentWhat has happened:The party went first to the Usque (I will link all threads in a bit) - They found the first clues and fought their first battleThey moved to The Mountain Pass - more clues were found, no battles fought. They met up with a new party member. A battle was fought with Feruzia. Harvold was alive and well, he was decapitated. The surviving people of Verri had been captured by him, Feruzia liberated them with the help of the knights errant.The party moved to The Mystery Ruins where they ran into Riddel and found where the scepter is. Their next destination is the Crystaline Falls.", "link_list": ["/user/35", "/user/55", "/user/98", "/user/60", "/user/68", "/user/26"], "image_list": [], "html": "This is to help give a rundown as to what is going on currently, feel free to state the quest name and give a recap for people needing info. This thread is not a requirement for you to post your ongoing quests in. When your quest is done, please edit your post to reflect that. This is for the big quests only because little quests are easier to follow."}}