{"post-96498": {"user": "Dorman Bovar", "user_num": 510, "timestamp": "1589719244000", "message": "Dorman Bovar's newest vessel, Icebreaker, is a state-of-the-art ship.\u00a0 Although capable of oceanic travel, its biggest draw is - as its name might imply - its ability to traverse the icy waters where other ships cannot.\u00a0 Icebreaker is a product of Dorman's ambitions: to successfully cross the northern passages and plot a trade route to the other side of the world.\u00a0 But there are places where men should never tread, the Far North being one of them.\u00a0 Despite his success at establishing arctic camps and supply posts, Dorman has discovered a terrible secret...In order for his mission to succeed he will have to deal with this new and mysterious threat.\u00a0 He has called upon a small team of renowned adventurers to trek northward, find this danger, and appropriately deal with it.\u00a0 If not for the Northwestern Trading Company, then for the sake of the world.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Dorman Bovar's newest vessel, Icebreaker, is a state-of-the-art ship.\u00a0 Although capable of oceanic travel, its biggest draw is - as its name might imply - its ability to traverse the icy waters where other ships cannot.\u00a0 Icebreaker is a product of Dorman's ambitions: to successfully cross the northern passages and plot a trade route to the other side of the world.\u00a0 But there are places where men should never tread, the Far North being one of them.\u00a0 Despite his success at establishing arctic camps and supply posts, Dorman has discovered a terrible secret..."}, "post-96499": {"user": "Ralf Valgard, the White Wolf", "user_num": 451, "timestamp": "1589719783000", "message": "Ralf Valgard had received Dorman's invitation a short time ago.  Eager for glory and adventure the Varan made haste to arrive.  The Icebreaker was docked at its birthplace: Far Harbour, a burgeoning seaport.  The lighthouse stood like a sentry perched atop its rocky outcropping, it's revolving eye observing the surroundings.  The port was quite busy - more so than one might expect from such a small locale.  But it was because the Northwestern Trading Company had to ensure the arctic camps and supply posts further north were properly supplied, lest their expeditions freeze or starve to death.Ralf's longship - occupied by himself and a band of mercenary Varan - pulled up to one of the smaller dockside piers.  The White Wolf said his farewells to his fellows, who then dispersed to find work as seamen.  Ralf himself made for the NTC Headquarters - where he and the other adventurers had been directed.  There he would find Dorman and other officials of the trading company.\"Ah, Ralf Valgard!  The White Wolf!\" Dorman greeted the Varan as he walked through the double doors.  The room was quite large, with nautical decorations surrounding a single desk in the center.  Normally a receptionist might be sitting there, but today it was Dorman.  The headsmen of the NTC was busy compiling a set of documents, including maps, ancient texts, and dossiers.\"...Dorman...\"  Ralf replied, looking around curiously.  \"My mother received your message and I arrived as quickly as I could.  I'm here to help in whatever way I can...\"\"Very good!  We need only await the arrival of the others.  Please, come over and take a seat so we can catch up.\"", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Ralf Valgard had received Dorman's invitation a short time ago.  Eager for glory and adventure the Varan made haste to arrive.  The Icebreaker was docked at its birthplace: Far Harbour, a burgeoning seaport.  The lighthouse stood like a sentry perched atop its rocky outcropping, it's revolving eye observing the surroundings.  The port was quite busy - more so than one might expect from such a small locale.  But it was because the Northwestern Trading Company had to ensure the arctic camps and supply posts further north were properly supplied, lest their expeditions freeze or starve to death."}, "post-96503": {"user": "Tilly Vanderbilt", "user_num": 3727, "timestamp": "1589864457000", "message": "The luxurious Miss Vanderbilt walks onto the deck a few moments after. She scrunched her nose at the thought of having to be on the boat, but everyone needs to get their sea legs one way or another. When she heard of the invitation how could she decline? What Tilly hopes to find chests full of gold upon this voyage. She could practically hear the jingle of those coins. She knew what this invitation entails and the dangers it might pose. She has confidence in the success in the mission, after all she isn't just another pretty face to trifle with. The rapier on her side isn't just for show. She knows exactly how to slice and dice with the elegant weapon. Even if she's cutting someone's heart out it's best to have some class while doing the brutish act. She takes one last look at the harbor before going and greeting the owner of this fine vessel. Her boots click against the wood floor as she walks towards Dorman. She liked the attention those boots brought her whenever she entered a room. \"You've truly outdone yourself. What a beaut she is.\" The flame-haired maiden glances between Dorman and Ralf, seeing the two men she couldn't help but let out a chuckle. Even though they haven't set sailed, she already knows this will be a fun one. ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "The luxurious Miss Vanderbilt walks onto the deck a few moments after. She scrunched her nose at the thought of having to be on the boat, but everyone needs to get their sea legs one way or another. When she heard of the invitation how could she decline? What Tilly hopes to find chests full of gold upon this voyage. She could practically hear the jingle of those coins. "}, "post-96505": {"user": "Strasser", "user_num": 3726, "timestamp": "1589920322000", "message": "Shortly after the lass came Gero Jan Strasser. It hadn't been long since his unofficial retiring from the army, and this would probably be the biggest score he had since that fateful day his wounded arse was left behind. The man had only heard of this gig by coincidence, and frankly he wasn't the man that was supposed to be coming. The poor bloke that was supposed to be trodding this path had been tied up and left in the nuddy, his lovely tunic now adorning the soldier of fortune heading to join this venture on the Icebreaker.\u00a0Most of what was on the man was the result of looting and marauding, and he reckoned this job would provide more than enough of that to supplement the expected payout of it. Perhaps after this he'd have enough to hire some likely lads and start a mercenary concern of his own picking up folk down on their luck much like he was now.\u00a0The man had a lovely song under his lips, though it was known most of polite society would use other descriptors. Strasser was eager to get this started. He wondered if they would see past his little bit of scum trickery. It didn't really matter if they did, so long as it was late enough in the journey that it wouldn't matter he reckoned.\u00a0", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Shortly after the lass came Gero Jan Strasser. It hadn't been long since his unofficial retiring from the army, and this would probably be the biggest score he had since that fateful day his wounded arse was left behind. The man had only heard of this gig by coincidence, and frankly he wasn't the man that was supposed to be coming. The poor bloke that was supposed to be trodding this path had been tied up and left in the nuddy, his lovely tunic now adorning the soldier of fortune heading to join this venture on the Icebreaker.\u00a0"}, "post-96540": {"user": "Ralf Valgard, the White Wolf", "user_num": 451, "timestamp": "1590416441000", "message": "Ralf and Dorman left the NTC HQ shortly after their conversation and made for the Icebreaker.  The White Wolf was impressed by the size and function of the vessel and was eager to see it in action.  The ship's steel bow was specifically engineered to cut through the thick ice that made up the northern seas.  It also featured two masts of sails and a pair of revolutionary new mechanisms: two hand-cranked propellers which could ship at great speeds - necessary accouterments to face the northern ice.Tilly Vanderbilt's arrival was marked by the sound of her boots, and Dorman smiled as he recognized her.  \"Ah, and you must be Miss Tilly,\" he greeted her.  \"This is Ralf.  Ralf, Tilly.\"The sound of Tilly's boots was replaced by Strasser's song.  Dorman did not immediately suspect that he was the wrong candidate and so did not hesitate to welcome the fellow.  \"Mister Strasser, a pleasure to make your acquaintance.  Meet Ralf Valgard and Tilly Vanderbilt.\"  Dorman motioned at either adventurer next to him.  \"You three settle in now, I will make sure the Icebreaker is ready and we shall set course within the hour.\"Ralf nodded in acknowledgement as Dorman turned to his captain's duties.  \"Hail and well met,\" he greeted his two new partners.  \"As you already know, I am Ralf Valgard: the White Wolf, Slayer of Maria, Heir to the Throne of Valland, Son of Aesa Jojora and Volrun Valgard; Adventurer, Mercenary, Hero, and Chosen of the Old Gods...\" The prideful Ralf went on rambling about some other titles that certainly made no sense to Tilly or Strasser, and nearly ran out of breath.  \"*Ahem*.  Dorman tells me we have separate quarters just below deck and we can report there whenever we wish, although I would not mind hearing more about you two.  After all, Captain Bovar chose us for a reason...\"", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Ralf and Dorman left the NTC HQ shortly after their conversation and made for the Icebreaker.  The White Wolf was impressed by the size and function of the vessel and was eager to see it in action.  The ship's steel bow was specifically engineered to cut through the thick ice that made up the northern seas.  It also featured two masts of sails and a pair of revolutionary new mechanisms: two hand-cranked propellers which could ship at great speeds - necessary accouterments to face the northern ice."}, "post-96600": {"user": "Tilly Vanderbilt", "user_num": 3727, "timestamp": "1592536664000", "message": "\"you have quite the titles there Mr. Valgard. I believe we were chosen for this little boat trip because we have the necessary skills that are needed to have the most success on our mission\" Tilly quickly finds herself taking a seat nearby and crossing her legs together. \"It is best to know one another before we set sail. Well before this new life of mine, I was in the business of coins. I kept track of other people's finances regarding such coin. They come to me asking if a trade would give them the most value or if this would be the right time to sell their produce. I've grown tired of looking after peoples coin and so that's why I want to have my own. So for the past little while, I've been searching around for my own little pile of coins.\"\u00a0Searching for her own coin came easy to her especially since the rapier she carried was a tool she's known how to use her own life. Her family was those that are more high class than the usual folk that reside in these region. From a young age, she knew she had to make a legacy for herself and this was the start of that legacy. She hopes to one day become to most renown gold hunter in the lands. Calling herself one of those seafaring pirates sounded a bit too crass for her classy tastes.\u00a0", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "\"you have quite the titles there Mr. Valgard. I believe we were chosen for this little boat trip because we have the necessary skills that are needed to have the most success on our mission\" Tilly quickly finds herself taking a seat nearby and crossing her legs together. \"It is best to know one another before we set sail. Well before this new life of mine, I was in the business of coins. I kept track of other people's finances regarding such coin. They come to me asking if a trade would give them the most value or if this would be the right time to sell their produce. I've grown tired of looking after peoples coin and so that's why I want to have my own. So for the past little while, I've been searching around for my own little pile of coins.\"\u00a0"}, "post-96627": {"user": "Strasser", "user_num": 3726, "timestamp": "1592889090000", "message": "Strasser introduced himself to Ralf, and reciprocated the statement that it was a pleasure to make his acquaintance. As the man started listing off his many titles Strasser saw an opening to remove one of the many half-smoked rollups he wedged behind his ear, and lit it up taking a long inhalation before letting out a vile puff of smoke. Turning his head to Tilly as she spoke, Strasser left little more than a nub of the cigar but as it came to be his turn to speak up he put the thing out on his pauldron (where there was a dark stain on the steel clearly evident this wasn't the first time he had done this) before once more wedging it behind his ear; waste not want not, right? Leaning on a barrel of the boat he shrugged. \"I cut folk, I s'pose. Break locks, carry loot, shoot people. Jack of all trades you can call me; name a thing and I've done it, or at the very least I worked with somebody who's done it before giving them a stab or two and therefore its not something very useful if it couldn't save them, was it?\" Taking off his helmet and scratching his hair, he placed the thing back and looked around. \"Let's not keep our employer waiting, 'whenever we wish' is a courtesy aye, but I'd rather not bother it.\"", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "<div>Strasser introduced himself to Ralf, and reciprocated the statement that it was a pleasure to make his acquaintance. As the man started listing off his many titles Strasser saw an opening to remove one of the many half-smoked rollups he wedged behind his ear, and lit it up taking a long inhalation before letting out a vile puff of smoke. <br/></div>"}}