{"post-82025": {"user": null, "user_num": null, "timestamp": "1524386087000", "message": "About a half a day's foot travel to the east of the towering ruins by Napo River's mouth to the very south, is a massive outpost larger than most of the smaller Fusei camps - having been built over a long period of time and reinforced well to combat weather and battle of oncoming forces. It is built partially into the mountain range but most of the place is enclosed stone and wood around the flat lands. There is only one gate leading into the heart of the encampment, manned and guarded at all hours with a number of vagabonds. Torches march along the walls at night, the walls also manned and guarded throughout the day.Inside there are hundreds of bandits housed, as well as a number of held slaves from Yuequi and Napo. With a number of small housing structures within it almost can be seen as a small, fortified village. There are some shallow caverns deeper into the fort that dig into the mountain, providing some ore that allows for the smiths within (some Fusei, some enslaved) to forge for weapons and armor. A worn road leading in through the gates and winding out onto the plains suggest consistent traffic, though of what sort is anyone's guess.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "About a half a day's foot travel to the east of the towering ruins by Napo River's mouth to the very south, is a massive outpost larger than most of the smaller Fusei camps - having been built over a long period of time and reinforced well to combat weather and battle of oncoming forces. It is built partially into the mountain range but most of the place is enclosed stone and wood around the flat lands. There is only one gate leading into the heart of the encampment, manned and guarded at all hours with a number of vagabonds. Torches march along the walls at night, the walls also manned and guarded throughout the day."}, "post-82449": {"user": "Telemachon", "user_num": 2993, "timestamp": "1525133688000", "message": "As per his assignment, Telemachon moved towards the encampment. There were some difficulties and he had to wait for cover of night or shadow to let dark armour blend with its friend.\u00a0He got ever closer, until at last he was risking detection. Telemachon had very good eyesight, but he couldn't see around walls or miles across. So he found a good, large bush and lay down. He stared into the sky, looking for a bird. One inconspicuous like a pigeon or a raven. The man had a plan forming in his head on how he would end the menace here as he charged magic. He giggled to himself as he waited for a creature to possess for a good view, before he could hopefully land and investigate things himself.\u00a0", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "As per his assignment, Telemachon moved towards the encampment. There were some difficulties and he had to wait for cover of night or shadow to let dark armour blend with its friend.\u00a0"}, "post-82578": {"user": null, "user_num": null, "timestamp": "1525583608000", "message": "The place was well lit when night fell, making it impossible to sneak near the walls of the fortress. There were a number of guard towers along the walls, manned and lit with braziers, as well as a number of walkers along the walls to help ensure that no one was approaching any direction without their knowledge. There was much for activity within the walls, and much could be heard - more so the closer one got to the fort. Men were sparring, working, mining, eating, drinking and laughing. Women's voices were scattered amongst them, some mingling with their male comrades and some crying or pleading for mercy. The smell of campfire wood and fired deer and animal meat was on the air, as well as wet dirt and dust and rock.The front gate was a gruesome sight to ward off those not of the Fusei - pikes embedded in the earth and spikes on the wall held a number of wretched warnings to keep others away. Corpses of Dongshu soldiers and citizens, mostly just the heads, were on display for any to see - leaving the area with a foul stink. However, it didn't do anything to deter the carrion - crows were constantly a guest at this free buffet, picking away at the remains for bits to eat. Finding a bird in the sky wouldn't be too hard a task.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "The place was well lit when night fell, making it impossible to sneak near the walls of the fortress. There were a number of guard towers along the walls, manned and lit with braziers, as well as a number of walkers along the walls to help ensure that no one was approaching any direction without their knowledge. There was much for activity within the walls, and much could be heard - more so the closer one got to the fort. Men were sparring, working, mining, eating, drinking and laughing. Women's voices were scattered amongst them, some mingling with their male comrades and some crying or pleading for mercy. The smell of campfire wood and fired deer and animal meat was on the air, as well as wet dirt and dust and rock."}, "post-82586": {"user": "Telemachon", "user_num": 2993, "timestamp": "1525614933000", "message": "Carrion birds in the sky and on the ground were good. They wouldn't be suspicious if seen around, the nasty things would make an ideal means of scouting.\u00a0As he stared he would search amongst them for the smallest one, Telemachon narrowed his gaze and then closed his eyes. When he would open them again, they would presumably be that of a bird. Whichever one he possessed would waiver in its movement or flight as his over-taxed consciousness adjusted to yet another great change, but it would soon vigorously correct itself.\u00a0Now a bird, Telemachon would gaze at the landscape with a literal bird eye view. There were two things he would search for. First, he would look around for any under-manned positions upon the walls of the fortress. However he knew that he was not the hero of novel and could not rely on his enemies being hilariously incompetent. So he also looked for things like the time when patrols and sentries changed. The bird also knew that as a cliffside fortress, there would most likely be natural heavy rock slopes ascending from and descending from the fortress that Telemachon could most likely climb with a proper set of picks or axes. Up these he would hope to descend later to gain entry. Then came the other key part of his plan. The bird-form would look about for cages and other such enclosures where the slaves and prisoners to the @dongshu3 were kept, alongside dangerous caged animals and monsters. Telemachon knew he couldn't slaughter the bandits alone, but he didn't have to be alone. Once he caught sight of any and all at the outside, the bird would descend to search for more of these potential allies and advantages amongst the buildings and tents, as well as the mine.\u00a0", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Carrion birds in the sky and on the ground were good. They wouldn't be suspicious if seen around, the nasty things would make an ideal means of scouting.\u00a0"}, "post-82699": {"user": null, "user_num": null, "timestamp": "1526207709000", "message": "Patrols were consistent, and changed by the hour though this left little window in between the guards. One would not leave until his replacement was there and already in formation to make his rounds.Indeed, there was a mass of the back of the fortress that was one with the rocky terrain of the mountain base. Climbing the sheer cliffs would be tricky, if not completely treachrous, and the walls seemed to be erected thicker and higher along the rocks - mounted with more pikes and spikes to deter people from trying to work their way up rock and plank in the corners. If things were not tough enough with the defenses, there were platforms here and there atop the palisade walls that were lit with braziers and houses a number of senties at any one - sitted at tables in chairs, chattering, watching, playing table games, anything to help keep their attention at these mundane posts.Inside the walls, it was a tiny village in of itself. The open \"square\" was framed with tents and the occasional crude wooden gazebos to provide some cover over working areas and a forge. The space within the circle was large enough for a small number of fire pits, and was also a common traffic area for those living there to interact, drink and eat and laugh. People moved in and out of cover, the occasional prisoner dragged along for whatever purpose they might serve. There were several shackled together or to the supports of the ramps and platforms that ascended the rocks to the higher points of the fort, hammering and picking away at the stones. Dotted beneath the ramps and ledges created by these platforms were a number of cages to hold those that were not working, or couldn't. In the very back, tucked into a bit of an alcove further deepened by the wider working platform above was a larger cage - housing two large, hungry tigers that were chewing on remains or preening themselves.It would be now that feeding time was seen - a drunken Fusei bandit was shoved towards the wide cage door and shoved inside, where he hit the ground just as his comrades made haste to lock the door. It would only be within moments after a brief stalking that both creatures would descend upon him and his screams would silence as he was ripped apart.Above the before mentioned platform was a wide cliff that was relatively flat and led directly to two caves carved into the mountain and another hollowed alcove that showed a promising exposure of iron deposits. There was also a larger tent, one face open to watch over the fortress in its entirety and built of wood and bone and animal hide. Seated inside, sitting in a chair at a table and feasting on a plate of hearty deer and potatoes, was a man of an older age with wild, white and grey hair - almost a lion's mane. He was armed with three daggers in his reach and two at his hips, a katana sitting up against his knee and several more weapons around his tent - swords and shortswords, thin and wide and straight and curved. His figure was carved of pure muscle, and his rough visage was a good enough indicator he might be in charge.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Patrols were consistent, and changed by the hour though this left little window in between the guards. One would not leave until his replacement was there and already in formation to make his rounds."}, "post-82720": {"user": "Telemachon", "user_num": 2993, "timestamp": "1526313625000", "message": "Satisfied, the crow would nonchalantly descend from the skies, and go forth to the cages of the Tigers, and around to the places where prisoners and slaves were held. The crow would look for keys to the cages and shackles that would be present. For the Tigers, if there cages were held together by rope the crow would try to pick at the ropes to get the Tigers unleashed before Telemachon could proceed.\u00a0", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Satisfied, the crow would nonchalantly descend from the skies, and go forth to the cages of the Tigers, and around to the places where prisoners and slaves were held. The crow would look for keys to the cages and shackles that would be present. For the Tigers, if there cages were held together by rope the crow would try to pick at the ropes to get the Tigers unleashed before Telemachon could proceed.\u00a0"}, "post-82747": {"user": null, "user_num": null, "timestamp": "1526516914000", "message": "There would be no simple ropes to bind steel bars for any cage, only padlocks - their keys likely hanging on a belt of a bandit, though it was any guess as to which one held which key to which lock. Shackles and manacles held prisoners to their location of work or grouping them together to help prevent escape.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "There would be no simple ropes to bind steel bars for any cage, only padlocks - their keys likely hanging on a belt of a bandit, though it was any guess as to which one held which key to which lock. Shackles and manacles held prisoners to their location of work or grouping them together to help prevent escape."}, "post-82748": {"user": "Telemachon", "user_num": 2993, "timestamp": "1526520761000", "message": "At last, it seemed to Telemachon he had seen enough. Both he and the bird would writhe in short pain as their consciousness separated. After short recovery Telemachon rose, and started a brisk jog. He had considerable ground to make but would alter his pace so that he would arrive near the rear rocks of the fortress. The climb was long and he saw there were pikes and platforms all around to deter him. But this was his best bet, and so he went with it. To climb the rocks he considered his hands with their monstrous grips but he needed a proper weapon once he reached the top. So, a\u00a0cruel axe\u00a0materialized in either of his hands, the spikes digging into his palms and fingers to draw droplets of blood. With a grunt, he'd lodge one into the rocks and start going upwards, leaning to the rocks to hopefully make his black armour and hair blend in with the shadow tinted rocks.", "link_list": ["https://cdna.artstation.com/p/assets/images/images/002/462/492/large/artur-nowak-render1a.jpg?1462019959"], "image_list": [], "html": "At last, it seemed to Telemachon he had seen enough. Both he and the bird would writhe in short pain as their consciousness separated. After short recovery Telemachon rose, and started a brisk jog. He had considerable ground to make but would alter his pace so that he would arrive near the rear rocks of the fortress. The climb was long and he saw there were pikes and platforms all around to deter him. But this was his best bet, and so he went with it. To climb the rocks he considered his hands with their monstrous grips but he needed a proper weapon once he reached the top. So, a\u00a0"}, "post-82769": {"user": null, "user_num": null, "timestamp": "1526703460000", "message": "The side of rock that Telemachon proceeded to climb was, as mentioned, a sheer face and guarded at a distance with dangerous walls and a few on watch at the platform above the palisade. But they had little attention to a shifting shadow in the dark outside the reach of the braziers alight with life. Two were perched in chairs and leaning either into the back or forward onto the table that sat between them. Before them was an odd game of sorts, with a design made of small stones in little tablet tiles, inscribed with markings. There seemed to be duplicates among the game pieces, and they were pairing them up in turn. A third made his rounds about the platform, and turned to continue back along his route along the wall in the original direction he came from.One of the two seated suddenly snarled at his comrade - \"Hey! You cheated!\"\"Did not!\" barked the other one, clearly offended, as he subtly tucked a tile up into his sleeve out of sight beneath the table.\"I hear the damn tiles rattling in your sleeve!\"\"You hear nothing! You're just sore because you can't play right!\"And thus a brawl ensued, sending the table toppling over and the tiles flying down to the common grounds below, which caused a ruckus of it's own. In mere moments, there was a very clear chant to urge on a fight below the walls and under the walking platforms where they had crashed down from.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "The side of rock that Telemachon proceeded to climb was, as mentioned, a sheer face and guarded at a distance with dangerous walls and a few on watch at the platform above the palisade. But they had little attention to a shifting shadow in the dark outside the reach of the braziers alight with life. Two were perched in chairs and leaning either into the back or forward onto the table that sat between them. Before them was an odd game of sorts, with a design made of small stones in little tablet tiles, inscribed with markings. There seemed to be duplicates among the game pieces, and they were pairing them up in turn. A third made his rounds about the platform, and turned to continue back along his route along the wall in the original direction he came from."}, "post-82770": {"user": null, "user_num": null, "timestamp": "1526703678000", "message": "The air was warm and the breeze gentle. Something was amiss. It was easily felt, like an unfamiliar presence or unwelcome essence was around.Itsumademo...The sound a faint cry on the air, like a bird's call in the distance.... Itsumademo...", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "The air was warm and the breeze gentle. Something was amiss. It was easily felt, like an unfamiliar presence or unwelcome essence was around."}, "post-82774": {"user": "Telemachon", "user_num": 2993, "timestamp": "1526757887000", "message": "The brute climbed on, a relatively quiet chlink as each axe hit rock. He snarled to himself in annoyance when he heard the commotion start up at the platform. The attention of all would be there on that scene, and he could not then emerge upon it. With a grunt he dislodged both axes and leaped to the side, to hopefully emerge at another platform, where he would chop up that guardians at the moment he got close enough. At least the cheering and yelling would mask the sound of his climb, and when he climbed on he could take the heads of the men there without other noticing. When he arrived, he'd have to swiftly think on whether or not he should wait for a rotation of the guards to kill them too to make sure no alarm was raised prematurely, or to proceed with the rest of his plan at once.But, something else came. It was in the local tongue. Telemachon knew it, but he knew not the specific name mentioned. A wail on the wind? What could wind do to him, he was too grand! For now he went on, but kept a wary eye out for the paranormal. ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "The brute climbed on, a relatively quiet "}, "post-82878": {"user": null, "user_num": null, "timestamp": "1527385978000", "message": "There was only the one platform within reach - the edge of the very fort, that the guardsmen had rolled off of and started brawling beneath. The heavy creak and thud of the platform with Telemachon's arrival was missed amongst the jeer and cheer of those watching the two fools fighting. However, this left him well exposed to light and in the view of any that happened to look his way.And several would. Particularly in an odd man or two up on the wider work platform bearing the leader's tent. There were several barks of commands, and more commotion. Several Fusei warriors were arming and moving for the location pointed out by those that spotted the beast-man's arrival.The white haired warrior of many weapons did not appear. He remained in his tent.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "There was only the one platform within reach - the edge of the very fort, that the guardsmen had rolled off of and started brawling beneath. The heavy creak and thud of the platform with Telemachon's arrival was missed amongst the jeer and cheer of those watching the two fools fighting. However, this left him well exposed to light and in the view of any that happened to look his way."}, "post-82881": {"user": "Telemachon", "user_num": 2993, "timestamp": "1527419023000", "message": "A groan came form the climber. Men were going to his position, armed and prepared. Now he abandoned the \u200ecareful motions. He started to enthusiastically slam each axe into the snow to quickly rise up to his initial destination. With the Guards there joining the impromptu festivities he would climb up. Through the scouting with the literal bird's eye view he had a decent if imperfect knowledge of the area, and the moment his feet hit solid ground he would bolt towards the tiger cages. He knew that even in his great armour he was at the very edge of possible human speed and so hoped that in conjunction with the current distraction of the fight he would be able to get there before being bogged down. All the while as he ran a sinister red-black smoke would slowly being to curl from his blades. He didn't have time to get to the keys, instead with strikes of an axe would the locks break if he reached them. As he was running to the first step of his plan he began to consider how he would reach those imprisoned and what he could give them to fight with more than hand and foot. Then again, there was the variable go the supernatural to account for. The origins of the strange voice had not yet shown there faces....", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "A groan came form the climber. Men were going to his position, armed and prepared. Now he abandoned the \u200ecareful motions. He started to enthusiastically slam each axe into the snow to quickly rise up to his initial destination. With the Guards there joining the impromptu festivities he would climb up. Through the scouting with the literal bird's eye view he had a decent if imperfect knowledge of the area, and the moment his feet hit solid ground he would bolt towards the tiger cages. He knew that even in his great armour he was at the very edge of possible human speed and so hoped that in conjunction with the current distraction of the fight he would be able to get there before being bogged down. All the while as he ran a sinister red-black smoke would slowly being to curl from his blades. He didn't have time to get to the keys, instead with strikes of an axe would the locks break if he reached them. As he was running to the first step of his plan he began to consider how he would reach those imprisoned and what he could give them to fight with more than hand and foot. Then again, there was the variable go the supernatural to account for. The origins of the strange voice had not yet shown there faces...."}, "post-82882": {"user": null, "user_num": null, "timestamp": "1527420540000", "message": "The sudden rouse of activity brought up the heads of the two beasts locked in their cage - tails flicking hard in anticipation. Were they about to be fed again? The carcass from earlier hadn't quite been enough.There were shouts in foreign tongues, but it was enough to discern they were commands as the odd commander pointed at the behemoth that was now inside their walls. Men at arms were already trying to get down to the ground levels, armed to the teeth, to apprehend him. Those that were already up on the walls and armed for distance were nocking arrows in their bows and letting a few loose to pelt into the intruder as he ran. They had no idea who this creature was or what he was doing here - or if it was even human. But Yokai or not, it was going to die.The lock of the cage was iron, yes, but with enough strength or other means it was possible to break it from it's mount and loose the door.Prisoners cowered farthest from the doors of their cages and scrambled to the end of their chains to stay out of the way and sight of both the strange beast charging through and the Fusei that were present - terrified for their lives.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "The sudden rouse of activity brought up the heads of the two beasts locked in their cage - tails flicking hard in anticipation. Were they about to be fed again? The carcass from earlier hadn't quite been enough."}, "post-82883": {"user": "Telemachon", "user_num": 2993, "timestamp": "1527439680000", "message": "As Telemachon reached the cage of the felines he took a double handed grip of one of his axes and swing swiftly to free them. Then, he ran along knowing that these kitties would most likely come out to play and so he went to the prisoners. Men were knocking arrows into their bows and they were slowly organizing. Still for now he had a short break. He knew the plates proper of his armour would stop most arrows and the joints were also protected even if a man with a stronger pull could probably let a good arrow punch through.\u00a0Once he reached the fearful people he would let his axes on their locks and then on their shackles or bindings, to liberate them. Hopefully there were tools and other such things for them to arm themselves with, but the broken pieces of their cages and shackles would have to do if none else was present. Certainly, they could arm themselves with whatever the first men Telemachon fought carried. As he went about his task he began to scream in a passable variant of the local tongue. \"Hear me, prisoners of the Fusei. I will break cages and shackles, but your freedom is not yet won. You will have to fight the scum coming to return you into their grasp, but you will fight. For your freedom you will fight. Any man too much of a coward to fight for freedom shall die now, for he will slow the fight of those who are not cowards. Rise, rise to be free!\" With those words he prepared for the coming reprisal of the bandits. These freed people would most likely die, for ultimately they were just a staying force for Telemachon to have a chance to get as much of the arcane power in him as he could, as well as to not have him be encircled while he let his fearsome blades go upon the enemy. If the enemy was not by then reduced to a small number - which was quite likely - he would have to flee to the region of the fortress with more structures and places to hide. One by one from the shadows he would have to kill the criminals.\u00a0", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "As Telemachon reached the cage of the felines he took a double handed grip of one of his axes and swing swiftly to free them. Then, he ran along knowing that these kitties would most likely come out to play and so he went to the prisoners. Men were knocking arrows into their bows and they were slowly organizing. Still for now he had a short break. He knew the plates proper of his armour would stop most arrows and the joints were also protected even if a man with a stronger pull could probably let a good arrow punch through.\u00a0"}, "post-83039": {"user": null, "user_num": null, "timestamp": "1528016622000", "message": "The roar of the man-beast brought up the attention of many, and now the entire fort was in arms and alarmed. With Telemachon having run into the lower level beneath the walkway platforms and wide overlook platform overhead, he was essentially trapped. As several of the Fusei charged at him with weapons and shields raised, the prisoners - confined and freed alike - frantically moved to stay out of the way, pressing themselves up against the sheer walls and rocks to avoid being cut down.Archers on the walls were moving to get a clear shot into the alcove beneath the man-made structures and continue to assault Telemachon with more arrows.The rugged and endlessly armed man finally trudged out of his tent, a basic wide sword of foreign make in one hand and dragging a young girl by her dark hair as she cried. From where he stood, he could only see his men running towards him and then beneath his feet from his post overlooking the fort. He watched and listened intently for the source of this commotion.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "The roar of the man-beast brought up the attention of many, and now the entire fort was in arms and alarmed. With Telemachon having run into the lower level beneath the walkway platforms and wide overlook platform overhead, he was essentially trapped. As several of the Fusei charged at him with weapons and shields raised, the prisoners - confined and freed alike - frantically moved to stay out of the way, pressing themselves up against the sheer walls and rocks to avoid being cut down."}, "post-83142": {"user": "Telemachon", "user_num": 2993, "timestamp": "1528130345000", "message": "Telemachon snarled. His plan was falling apart before his eyes. The people were cowards fleeing to the sides, and he was to be overwhelmed.\u00a0\u200eCan you kill them all?\u200eSomething of the sort was asked of him by the person in the tea house, he couldn't quite remember the name. Yes, yes he could. But the chances seemed to be dwindling by the moment. He turned to the people freed, and he brought one of his axes down on one, then another, then a third, fourth and fifth.... Suddenly an arrow hit him in the face, going straight through his jaw and coming down out the other side. The pain, oh the pain. It brought clarity, pure thought. His initial plan was foolish, moronic; only an idiot could devise such and that was what he was. No, in such dens of thieves and other scum the leader was key. Once he fell \u00a0then infighting, and hate would make all turn upon one another. Hopefully.\u00a0Anger - but now purified - returned and he ran forth at the enemy. As he was about to reach the first warriors with shields he ground to a halt and leaped. As he leaped the earlier smoke coming forth from him dissipated, and he would disappear from the foe having expended the charged power. He would reappear some distance past the coming wave. Having left the prisoners to die and closer to his quarry, he ran towards the tent he earlier spied in bird form with both axes raised, a savage growl slowly growing in his throat. \u200e", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Telemachon snarled. His plan was falling apart before his eyes. The people were cowards fleeing to the sides, and he was to be overwhelmed.\u00a0"}, "post-83395": {"user": null, "user_num": null, "timestamp": "1528709492000", "message": "Now, not only were the Fusei rallying to kill the monster, the imprisoned were being cut down by that same monster. The noise only grew in fervor as those enslaved screamed more so and fled against the rocks to avoid the beast once thought to be their savior.It vanished after a leap and left those at the front stunned - and now having to quell the assault of the two loose tigers that were mauling the first kills they could find for food.Telemachon would appear in the \"square\", in the very heart of the fort - and now he was in the line of sight of every archer on every platform and in every tower. Those in the immediate area that were behind the wave now had a perfect run for the beast with axe blades and swords drawn and ready to cut him down. The tent that he sought was up the rampart platforms and overlooking the fort from the flat, stone level well over the ground level.The white haired man, still armed to the teeth, remained where he stood and watched the beast head for the ramp - still holding the young girl at his feet by a handful of her hair. She wept, clutching as his thick fingers in hopes of easing his hold to no avail. The plain yukata robes around her were torn and falling loosely about her shoulders, the obi tugged loose, and she struggled to hold it closed to her body with her free hand.A single brow lifted a bit on the man's face as he watched, seeming a bit intrigued the more he watched.", "link_list": [], "image_list": ["https://i.imgur.com/3wolA9R.jpg"], "html": "Now, not only were the Fusei rallying to kill the monster, the imprisoned were being cut down by that same monster. The noise only grew in fervor as those enslaved screamed more so and fled against the rocks to avoid the beast once thought to be their savior."}, "post-83406": {"user": "Telemachon", "user_num": 2993, "timestamp": "1528738536000", "message": "As he reappeared he was once again encircled - trapped. He was glad that there were no crossbowmen amongst the enemy for his black plate would then be far less effective. Many arrows bounced off harmlessly, however two got into the joint from the back of his right knee, while another sheared off most of his left ear. The monster-man snarled, pointing a buzz-blurred axe at the warlord with his victim. If he meant to dissuade him from attack by having a hostage, he was a fool. In the end he did aim to rescue the woman, but if she had to die so the enemy could die, and thus many other people no longer be threatened by the bandits then who was he to care?\u00a0Once more he ran, and leaped expending the second charge of magic he accumulated to get onto the ramp before his quarry. For now he had no more power but that mattered not for now. He would lunge at the bandit-lord, right axe going for his thigh after his left went for the shoulder. Both blows were monstrous in power but he held back from using his full force so he could give equally brutal ones should the first two be parried.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "As he reappeared he was once again encircled - trapped. He was glad that there were no crossbowmen amongst the enemy for his black plate would then be far less effective. Many arrows bounced off harmlessly, however two got into the joint from the back of his right knee, while another sheared off most of his left ear. The monster-man snarled, pointing a buzz-blurred axe at the warlord with his victim. If he meant to dissuade him from attack by having a hostage, he was a fool. In the end he did aim to rescue the woman, but if she had to die so the enemy could die, and thus many other people no longer be threatened by the bandits then who was he to care?\u00a0"}, "post-83751": {"user": null, "user_num": null, "timestamp": "1530114160000", "message": "The white-haired man watched as this... this beast seemed to materialize before his eyes and lunge forward. He opened his mouth to speak, but this wasn't going to be a matter of talking as the axe weapons came into play. This thing was out for blood. He could only wonder why, being a yokai. But, then again, why did yokai do what they do anyhow?Telemachon ran in, and would be met with the soft body of the woman as she was shoved directly against him - not so much into the light of a weapon strike but just into the torso of Telemachon to stop him in his tracks from attacking outright while he back-pedaled to ensure he wasn't in harm's way once the initial shock of the encounter wore off. A hand moved to settle leisurely on a sword pommel at his hip - the scabbard likely housing a straight, wide blade.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "The white-haired man watched as this... this beast seemed to materialize before his eyes and lunge forward. He opened his mouth to speak, but this wasn't going to be a matter of talking as the axe weapons came into play. This thing was out for blood. He could only wonder why, being a yokai. But, then again, why did yokai do what they do anyhow?"}, "post-83935": {"user": "Telemachon", "user_num": 2993, "timestamp": "1531267126000", "message": "As the axes swung towards the bastard and a woman was thrown at Telemachon, time slowed for him. He had already killed many of the innocent as an appetizer for his bloodlust while sating his insanity. Would there be a great difference if he killed this woman too? But... there was penance, if he could not save them all he could at least save one person? In the end he turned his axes away from the girl and gave her a kick that - while not intended to be painful or harmful - was forceful to keep her down and out of the way of both Telemachon and any stray arrows. Whether this was out of some kindness or out of practical considerations was not even known to the monster-man. Slightly slower he now approached the man, licking his blooded lips. \"Die.\" He said quite simply with a happy grin on his mouth as he swung his left axe at the man's legs whilst the right at his thigh in wide, predictable but nevertheless swift sweeps. ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "<div>As the axes swung towards the bastard and a woman was thrown at Telemachon, time slowed for him. He had already killed many of the innocent as an appetizer for his bloodlust while sating his insanity. Would there be a great difference if he killed this woman too? But... there was penance, if he could not save them all he could at least save one person? In the end he turned his axes away from the girl and gave her a kick that - while not intended to be painful or harmful - was forceful to keep her down and out of the way of both Telemachon and any stray arrows. Whether this was out of some kindness or out of practical considerations was not even known to the monster-man. <br/></div>"}, "post-84021": {"user": null, "user_num": null, "timestamp": "1531748070000", "message": "The young woman cried out as she was kicked down to the ground, where she curled up in a miserable ball and prayed for the spirits to take her with little pain.A few steps backwards avoided the double swing of the axe blades coming in, bringing the white haired commander further away from the monster. He hadn't even drawn a weapon yet, his hand still on the hilt for the time being as he simply moved out of harm's way.\"Why?\" he grunted, his low rumble of a voice like that of a lion.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "The young woman cried out as she was kicked down to the ground, where she curled up in a miserable ball and prayed for the spirits to take her with little pain."}, "post-84093": {"user": "Telemachon", "user_num": 2993, "timestamp": "1532225260000", "message": "Telemachon yelled \"Stay down!\" at the woman, before with a growl turning back to the white haired bastard. His teeth ground with fury, sometimes drawing blood as in their ferocity they slipped and cut open gum and lip. \"Redemption!\" he roared as response to the query. In the same instance he committed to a running jump with both axes swinging down. The man might try to distract him, but he had enough of that for now. There was little to be said that would stop the maniacal bloodlust.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Telemachon yelled \"Stay down!\" at the woman, before with a growl turning back to the white haired bastard. His teeth ground with fury, sometimes drawing blood as in their ferocity they slipped and cut open gum and lip. \"Redemption!\" he roared as response to the query. In the same instance he committed to a running jump with both axes swinging down. The man might try to distract him, but he had enough of that for now. There was little to be said that would stop the maniacal bloodlust."}, "post-84119": {"user": null, "user_num": null, "timestamp": "1532331356000", "message": "The man of white hair stood his ground as the beast flew down upon him with blades at the ready. In a swift, sweeping motion did the sword he hold of his own come free of it's sheath and perfectly perpendicular to the weapons in order to stop them. The hilt looked to be of an elaborate black steel adorn in design tightly knit for a smooth grip, and the blade shone like silver. Something was on the face of the blade in a dull show, standing out as an intricate design of a long-bodied dragon that was revealed in the right angle of light.And the moment that the blades made contact did that almost invisible dragon spring to life in a brilliant flash of blue light. The singing of steel was drowned out by a sudden roar of a mighty beast, and the creature on the sword snapped it's jaws. In the next instance, it sprang off the weapon itself head first - coming to full life in flesh of brilliant pure blue scales and white teeth and whiskers and ivory horns - with maw opened to bite off the head of Telemachon.The Fusei that were charging up the ramparts to assist their commander skid to a panicked stop, not looking to jump into the middle of something absolutely supernatural wielded by the man.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "The man of white hair stood his ground as the beast flew down upon him with blades at the ready. In a swift, sweeping motion did the sword he hold of his own come free of it's sheath and perfectly perpendicular to the weapons in order to stop them. The hilt looked to be of an elaborate black steel adorn in design tightly knit for a smooth grip, and the blade shone like silver. Something was on the face of the blade in a dull show, standing out as an intricate design of a long-bodied dragon that was revealed in the right angle of light."}, "post-84144": {"user": "Telemachon", "user_num": 2993, "timestamp": "1532472394000", "message": "Once the blades came into contact, the full mountain of muscle would push the axes down, already given momentum from the jump. The teeth on the axes would start to whirr, sliding up and down like an animal gritting it's teeth with the sound of millions of bees as metal bit metal. But, it would seem Telemachon would not be able to press his monstrous ability for now. A dragon - first spectral and now corporeal - flew out and upon him. It flew out, and the still functional parts of his brain took over. He hit the deck, falling flat against the floor in the hopes of not getting several inches shorter. At the same same, both of his hands darted out with his axes in the hopes of sweeping the legs out from under the Fusei and making his opponent shorter instead.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "<div>Once the blades came into contact, the full mountain of muscle would push the axes down, already given momentum from the jump. The teeth on the axes would start to whirr, sliding up and down like an animal gritting it's teeth with the sound of millions of bees as metal bit metal. But, it would seem Telemachon would not be able to press his monstrous ability for now. A dragon - first spectral and now corporeal - flew out and upon him. <br/></div>"}, "post-84232": {"user": null, "user_num": null, "timestamp": "1532928848000", "message": "The beast snapped it's jaws, an ethereal sound of an otherworldly chuckle echoing out as if they were deep in the tunnels of the mines. As it continued to wind about in search of it's prey the wielder of the weapon proceeded to step back - going so far as to hop back when the blades came for a sweep at his legs. He was in no mood to lose a limb today.And the subtle sound of the axe blades slicing air caught the attention of the dragon, where it twisted down and lunged straight for the second forearm in swing - aimed to latch deep past armor and flesh with those deadly sharp teeth and powerful jaw.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "The beast snapped it's jaws, an ethereal sound of an otherworldly chuckle echoing out as if they were deep in the tunnels of the mines. As it continued to wind about in search of it's prey the wielder of the weapon proceeded to step back - going so far as to hop back when the blades came for a sweep at his legs. He was in no mood to lose a limb today."}, "post-84279": {"user": "Telemachon", "user_num": 2993, "timestamp": "1533235868000", "message": "Given some space by the man lunging up in one solid movement the man arose into a battle-crouch and gave a more paced run at the man he was fighting, knowing that the dragon was unlikely to want to eat it's master. The more the gap closed, the more his advantage was pressed and so he went to close it. One axe once more went for a sweep at the man, diagonally and at shoulder height whilst his other axe went in a wide arc for the mouth of the dragon coming at him to separate the flesh connecting its jawbones; he'd let it go the moment there was fierce resistance to further put the scaly foe off balance. ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Given some space by the man lunging up in one solid movement the man arose into a battle-crouch and gave a more paced run at the man he was fighting, knowing that the dragon was unlikely to want to eat it's master. The more the gap closed, the more his advantage was pressed and so he went to close it. One axe once more went for a sweep at the man, diagonally and at shoulder height whilst his other axe went in a wide arc for the mouth of the dragon coming at him to separate the flesh connecting its jawbones; he'd let it go the moment there was fierce resistance to further put the scaly foe off balance. "}}