{"post-89818": {"user": "Meryin Malator", "user_num": 3393, "timestamp": "1556103364000", "message": "Located towards the center of the city, Two Tongue Antiques serves a very niche but well-paying clientele. An unassuming store from outside, the only real observation that reveals its location is the small sign outside the small black door that showed a picture of two mouths facing each other over top of a stylized open book. Once inside visitors are greeted by a small dark room a large counter, which doubled as a set of display cases, showing off amulets and books of questionable purpose. The walls surrounding the small shop front are lined with books, spotlessly cleaned, and in alphabetical order, ranging from the histories of long dead civilisations, to novels in and long forgotten languages. Behind the counter sits Meryin Malator, seller of antiques, a man of middle age and pale skin he tenderly pours over a large paper scroll.", "link_list": [], "image_list": ["https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/430730961307697184/570563557830295562/house2Bof2Bbooks.png"], "html": "Located towards the center of the city, Two Tongue Antiques serves a very niche but well-paying clientele. An unassuming store from outside, the only real observation that reveals its location is the small sign outside the small black door that showed a picture of two mouths facing each other over top of a stylized open book. Once inside visitors are greeted by a small dark room a large counter, which doubled as a set of display cases, showing off amulets and books of questionable purpose. The walls surrounding the small shop front are lined with books, spotlessly cleaned, and in alphabetical order, ranging from the histories of long dead civilisations, to novels in and long forgotten languages. Behind the counter sits Meryin Malator, seller of antiques, a man of middle age and pale skin he tenderly pours over a large paper scroll."}, "post-89836": {"user": "Ti'el", "user_num": 3330, "timestamp": "1556424136000", "message": "An odd little thing patted over to the bookstore that day. She paused at the door to trace the sign outside with a rather large pair of eyes. Whispy fingers tapped on her lips before she wandered in, making herself known to the merchant within.The girl before him was quite thin with a meager layer of muscle hiding her bones. It was immediately obvious she wasn't human, as foxlike features decorated her body, from her furry ears to her thick, flaxen tail. Though tan, even darker lines surrounded her eyes, stretching down the sides of her nose.She wore a very simple, light robe that cut right above her ankles... or where her ankles should have been. A pair of dainty paws stood there instead, tiny claws clicking on the ground as she approached the older man.Attempting to catch his attention, she beamed with youthful energy bubbling about her. \"Hello!\" she chirped. \"I am Ti'el, I have-\" She patted around her robe with a pinch of her brow, grinning once she heard a papery crunxh beneath one of its folds, \"-this! You do need help, yes?\"The girl retrieved a small scroll which happened to be the quest the man had posted before.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "An odd little thing patted over to the bookstore that day. She paused at the door to trace the sign outside with a rather large pair of eyes. Whispy fingers tapped on her lips before she wandered in, making herself known to the merchant within."}, "post-93456": {"user": "Olive Atwood", "user_num": 3612, "timestamp": "1571106459000", "message": "Olive wonders into the antique walking past the other customers until she reaches the counter. Olive's hazel eyes glance down to the small scroll the fox girl is carrying. Seems it must be a coincidence the same person is on it. Olive firmly puts the missing person flier on the counter. \"you're here to ask about this missing person too eh?\" Olive remarks straightening the long sword strapped to her hip. Olive stands at about 6ft and easily towers over a few of the customers inside. She's wearing her leather armor and boots, it's quite hard to tell her exact physique but the sword she carries doesn't seem light. ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Olive wonders into the antique walking past the other customers until she reaches the counter. Olive's hazel eyes glance down to the small scroll the fox girl is carrying. Seems it must be a coincidence the same person is on it. Olive firmly puts the missing person flier on the counter. \"you're here to ask about this missing person too eh?\" Olive remarks straightening the long sword strapped to her hip. Olive stands at about 6ft and easily towers over a few of the customers inside. She's wearing her leather armor and boots, it's quite hard to tell her exact physique but the sword she carries doesn't seem light. "}}