{"post-72694": {"user": "The Order of the Banana", "user_num": 2503, "timestamp": "1504664460000", "message": "Makhaya the Prophet Once a cold hearted child slaver of the Steelscape, Sir Ebmarah had a life changing experience one day as he was traveling to Isra for a business meeting. The Great Gorilla himself came down and spoke to Ebmarah of many things that were to come, and what path he was to take in the future. He was granted both a vision and instructions of what to do and the power required to fulfil it. Following this spiritual experience, Ebmarah immediately dissolved his gang in the Steelscape, convincing all of the members to join his new mission to bring the message of peace and prosperity to all in the Overworld. P R A I SE H I M T H E B A N A N A L O R D Changing his name to Makhaya to signify his change of heart, Makhaya turned his focus on building a religion as he was commanded to do during his spiritual experience. Known as \u201cThe Order of the Banana\u201d, Makhaya seeks to spread this religion throughout the overworld, but for the present is focusing his efforts on spreading it throughout Isra. BANANAOrder of the Banana A new religion recently founded by its Prophet, Makhaya, the Order\u2019s goal is to spread peace and prosperity to all corners of the Overworld. As signified by the name, the banana is the primary symbol of the Order and members of the Order wear such symbols with pride. The god that is recognized by members of the Order is known as \u201cThe Great Gorilla\u201d or \u201cThe Great One\u201d, but Makhaya the Prophet has said he believes it likely The Great One appears in many forms to many people, appearing to them in a form they can easily relate to. bananaThe most basic tenets of the Order are the following:1. Harm not those whom do no harm to others.2. Steal or extort not from others. 3. Protect the weak from the wicked.4. Spread peacefully The Word of the Order. banana5. Compromise your morals not to appease the wicked.6. Judge not others on their appearance, species, or their cultural background.7. Obey the laws of the land if they are not completely opposed to the tenets of the Order.HiearchyMakhaya the Prophet - The founder of the religion, he currently acts as its leader and guides the Order\u2019s direction. He believes when he grows older, The Great One will either tell him directly who his successor will be, or speak to whoever the successor is directly.High Priest - They lead individual groups that together form the entire Order. They are those who Makhaya has great faith in and has given them some of the powers he himself received from The Great One. They direct the numerous priest under them in various humanitarian missions and the spreading of the Order\u2019s faith.Priest - These are the people who are out in the streets telling others about the Order, preaching wherever they\u2019re allowed to. They also organize the followers, but on a much smaller scale than the High Priest.Followers - What makes up most of the membership of the Order. Ordinary people from all walks of life, humans and elves, animal/human hybrids, even a few orcs can be found as members of the Order. From farmers and bakers, to soldiers and mercenaries, the skillset of the followers is extremely varied. smonk banana eat banana love banana be bananaGoalsThe Order of the Banana has a variety of goals, but the biggest one is stopping the spread of famine and poverty. No one deserves to go hungry, and the Order is working on bringing food to the masses through a network of trade caravans. Their ability to massively organize their followers to rally to a disaster is unprecedented. They have been known to bring hundreds of their followers to a single location overnight, establishing hospitals, food distribution centers, and affordable housing made from the trunks of banana trees. Symbolism and WorshipThe color of the banana symbolizes wealth and prosperity. The shape of a banana is like a smile and symbolizes happiness and harmony with all creation. The skin of the banana represents the physical body, the flesh of the banana is the sweet and pure in spirit, as must be the flesh of the followers. Just like it is easy to carry a banana, the followers of The Order are always prepared to travel. The large leaves of the banana tree show the loving and all-encompassing embrace of The Order, seeking to give shelter to all who seek them.During Worship Ceremonies:Banana BreadBanana Scented Candles/IncensePrayer Mats of Banana LeavesThe Banana Pipe smonk itAnointing with Banana OilHoly Banana BeesThe Order believes in transmuting those deemed too evil to be saved, or those who violently refuse to convert, into the holy fruit itself. Only by a follower consuming the banana transmuted heathen/infidel can their soul ascend to Heaven. This process is known to take several days. The consuming and the Heaven going. And it shall be glorious", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "<b>Makhaya the Prophet </b>"}}