{"post-80913": {"user": "Morgdul", "user_num": 2923, "timestamp": "1522042168000", "message": "Roughly three thousand years ago, the Dominion of Morgdul was founded by Morgdun, a young prodigy with incomparable skills in magic and effective management, the ruler of an empire that respected his name. He died at the age of 26 and his empire promptly fell to the wayside as his subordinates buried themselves in lavish tombs to honor him.Today, Morgdun and his subordinates have arisen from their sleep, and intend to rebuild the empire they once possessed. With one-thousandth of the original army and no citizens to speak of, this is an ambitious goal made ever harder by one fact: none of the citizens know who he is.This thread serves to explain some basics of citizenry in Morgdul to those who wish for their characters to have lived here.To begin with, Morgdul has a very low population. Prior to Morgdun's return, the only people who lived in these northern lands were ruralists and explorers, who came with few possessions and were too few in number to establish much of a government. For this reason, almost all of the settlements within Morgdul appear colonial in terms of build and size. There is no elaborate infrastructure as in larger cities such as Isra, and the resources barely exist to build stone structures. Wooden constructions are more common by far.Most settlers have lived in these parts for many generations, but have a low reproductive rate, with roughly 2 births per household -- barely enough to sustain the existing population. Crime is relatively low due to the small populations, meaning that everyone knows one another and the more communal setting allows for the community to pitch in when one unit is struggling. The exception to this is the city-fortress of Varnkorm, which was uninhabited before Morgdun's return but now boasts one of the larger populations in the empire.Following Morgdun's return, there was a major initiative to recruit settlers, especially magic-users, into the Dominion. This has caused unprecedented immigration from the south to flood into the north, especially the capital. To sum up, characters native to Morgdul should for the most part be rural settlers, with simple possessions (mostly the necessities, if that) and something of an unfamiliar loyalty to the Dominion -- loyalty because the Dominion brings infrastructure and a chance for nobodies to become somebody, but not a loyalty they were born with. Individuals who are stuck on the rural life may hold this fact in contempt, but fortunately Morgdul has plenty of open space if one wishes to leave the developing cities.Varnkorm, the capitol, is highly developed and boasts advanced infrastructure. Its citizens are rather well-off and are mostly arcane enthusiasts. As the entire city is enclosed within one building, the apartment or flat lifestyle is almost mandatory, although many of these consist of full-scale houses that are merely joined together as part of the same building.Any further questions about what a native-born citizen of the Dominion should expect ought to be directed to this account.Additionally, it is appreciated if citizens of the Dominion left a post here stating such for record-keeping purposes. This is purely to record a full history of citizens -- in times of war and at regular intervals, threads for current censuses will be created.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Roughly three thousand years ago, the Dominion of Morgdul was founded by Morgdun, a young prodigy with incomparable skills in magic and effective management, the ruler of an empire that respected his name. He died at the age of 26 and his empire promptly fell to the wayside as his subordinates buried themselves in lavish tombs to honor him."}}