{"post-70448": {"user": "Venland", "user_num": 2392, "timestamp": "1499726805000", "message": "GovernmentKaizer/Kaizerin (Head of State): The Head-of-State is elected from \"Noble-Lines\" that share a common-lineage. Who becomes the next monarch is not decided by blood as much as practicality. They are elected by the other nobles and serve for life unless desposed. It is not uncommon for children or close relatives to inherit the title of the Kaizer or Kaizerin (Either King or Queen) as they typically groomed for the position and have the best qualifications, but is often not the case as well. (OPEN) Greater-Administrators: Administrators are higher-tier nobles which are in the inner-court of the Monarch. There are typically Four Administrators all representing the four cardinal directions which represents their places of origin within the nation. They administrate and over-see governmental affairs as well as advise the Kaizer or Kaizerin. Many of these can also be magic-users. (ALL-OPEN)Ring-Guard: The Ring-Guard consist of Elite Norlandic-Militia Members honor-bound to defend and obey the Monarch and the land of Venland. These hardy and grizzled men are led by a \"Chief\". They are typically used as Sentry, Escorts, as well as Infiltrators and Specialists. They also have access to the typical ships used by Norlandic Militia-Bands. (ALL-OPEN)Royal-Knights: The Royal-Knights consist of nobility trained in the art of Knightly-Combat and the use of horses, plate-armor, and various weapons of war and unarmed combat. These men are headed by a \"Captain\". They are typically used as Sentry, Escorts, Shock-Troops, and Calvalry. (ALL-OPEN)Royal-Fleet: The Royal-Fleet consists mainly of midlandic vessels that answer directly to the Venlandic government and conduct both naval, expeditionary, and trade operations for the government. They are headed by the \"Fleet-Admiral\".The Royal-Fleet also has defacto authority over the trade-companies.Fleet-Admiral: UllrichGroupsThe Groups used in Venland are intergral to how it is ran. In turn the groups that the nation consists of can be considered to be the backbone of the government if not the solitary components that make up the whole of the government itself. More details can be given on them in the group-section, but as they are technically part of the government the groups as a whole and their leadership shall be included here. Trade-Companies: Trade-Companies are independent groups owned and used by private-citizens of Venland to conduct various buisnesses including fishing, trade, expeditionary, diplomatic, and even mercenary missions. They are typically ran by Midlandic-Barons, as well as occasionally Norlandic Jarls, but can also be ran by foreigners. (OPEN)Executive-Captain of East-Fleet: jaromerTribal-Militia Bands: Norland has a long history of \"piracy\" and tribalistic warfare. Many people and kin have joined together to form \"Bands\" which in turn act as Militias for Venland but can also be sent out. Despite being referred to as \"Militia\" they are quite mobile and are prolific explorers, and mercenaries as well as Raiders and are even good at trading. Typically these bands are ran by \"Jarls\" who are the nobility of the North. The Norlanders are also known for employing \"Shield-Maidens\" and \"Rune-Skaalds\". Shield-Maidens being skilled female body-guards and sentry, and Rune-Skaalds which are also typically female which have access to magical knowledge and power, as well as being the keepers of their peoples history and lineage. Blood-Reavers: Ran by FenrisAelven-Tribes: The Aelven-Tribes are a diverse collective of fairy-folk of human-size. They are known to be exceptional at crafting, as well as knowing many different kinds of magic and being exceptionally attuned with nature. They are however formidable as infiltrators and hunters, and are exceptionally skilled at archery, spearmanship, and swordsmanship. They are also known to be able to craft \"Dolls\" which can be animated as autonomous familiars.(ALL-OPEN)Dwarven-Clans: The Dwarven-Clans are a secretive bunch of short-stocky humanoids who are exceptional at mining, metalurgy, and masonry. They live underground in the mountains in vast-complexes. They are also quite formidable as opponents using their size to their advantage. They favor spears, hammers, and axes as weapons, as well as shields. They are well known for making good weapons and armor, as well as being able to craft \"Golem\". They typically keep to themselves but have certain treaties with Venlandic groups.(ALL-OPEN)Midlandic-Templar Chapters: The Norlandic-Chapters of the Templar-Knights are an order that answer to the Monotheistic and main-religious institution of Venland. They are in essence the militant extension of the church and are a para-military organization that is meant to protect and serve Venland and defend its religious intergrity as well as maintain civil rest and order. They are prone to zealotry and crusading. Each chapter tends to specialize in different things, though all of them employ knights and calvalry. Each chapter is headed either by a \"High-Chaplain\" or \"Paladin\" depending on the Chapters main focus. Law-Wardens: Ran by @judgezeddCiviliansCitizenry/Settlers: The Common-Citizenry of Venland can be just as prolific as the nobility or the military. The Citizenry generally are an industrious people who have a strong sense of morality albeit from the lens of their own cultural perspectives. A citizen can be anything from a member of a noble family to a peasent. Settler: Flan", "link_list": ["/user/2372", "/user/2385", "/user/168", "/user/1207"], "image_list": [], "html": "<u>Government</u>"}}