{"post-56730": {"user": "The Divine Empire of Vessia", "user_num": 1951, "timestamp": "1480274418000", "message": "The furthest to the East, this outpost is the first response to any sort of grand scale maneuver that the barbarians in Swavia would try, in case they would give up on the Iron Fields. It's garrison has about 500 men, armed with crossbows and manning ballistae on the walls and towers, whilst those below have an arming sword and shield. All the men have plate armour.", "link_list": [], "image_list": ["http://i.imgur.com/Uyw9xQv.jpg"], "html": "<div align=\"justify\">The furthest to the East, this outpost is the first response to any sort of grand scale maneuver that the barbarians in Swavia would try, in case they would give up on the Iron Fields. It's garrison has about 500 men, armed with crossbows and manning ballistae on the walls and towers, whilst those below have an arming sword and shield. All the men have plate armour.</div>"}, "post-56760": {"user": null, "user_num": null, "timestamp": "1480284984000", "message": "It was in the early morning. Snow was falling slowly... slowly... as if it knew what would be coming soon, as if it was reluctant to touch the earth. A thick mist unfurled from the line of darkened trees that faced the encampment, rising and rising and lying like a corpse over the ground as it then began to crawl closer and closer to the outpost.Closer, closer, until it was slithering up the walls, through every nook and cranny, until it stroked the cheeks of the men in their plate armor, sliding into their nostrils, whetting their brows. Clouds gathered in the dark sky and the stars disappeared, suffocating into darkness until only the pale white moon shown down as light upon the outpost.And then... slowly... the darkness ate the moon as well until the only light came from the torches that desperately tried to keep alight amidst the cold and damp fog that rolled over everything.Then they heard it.\"Ah-ROO! Ah-ROO! Ah-ROO!\"Demons calling from the darkness, their voices making the darkness tremble. How many were there? Thousands. Thousands, they would say once this night was over. Thousands of demons that came pouring from the trees, lit on fire.Yes, fire, Hell's Fire. These demons rushed forward, and small orbs of clay were thrown and tossed, by hand or javelin to fall apart and crack open upon the fort, where arrows and torches and more globes and more javelins caught it on fire and it would refuse to be put out.The large demons that roared forward looked like bears twisted by Satan itself, and arrow after arrow would not stop their assault, no matter how they pierced its flesh. The darkness and the fire and the demons -- they came over that outpost and the Banshee Queen--She struck the head from the general there with a blow of her axe, coated in the blood of those she had slaughtered, coated in the blood of her brothers and daughters and sons, and she raised the man's head high until the moon shown down upon the carnage and the filfth and she screamed into the night air for all the other demons to scream with her.She pointed her sword toward the town within the nearest distance, and she gave her orders:\"Slaughter all but one.\"And the screams of the town filled the air, making the forest tremble and the animals hide, and the stars refused to sparkle on this night of unholy slaughter. The women were killed. The elderly killed. Every man that could wield a sword was killed, and the children were drowned.All but one. All but one that was thrown at her feet, whom she kicked onto his back, grabbed him by his collar and raised him with a strength that should belong to no woman, that should belong to no man.\"Tell them,\" she said, her eyes burning like sulfur in her head. \"Tell them what has happened here, and tell them to come.\"She dropped him, and he ran --and it was this tale that he told before all other messages came through.The Banshee Queen and her Barbarian Hordes were upon Swavia, and they brought with them the powers of Hell.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "It was in the early morning. Snow was falling slowly... slowly... as if it knew what would be coming soon, as if it was reluctant to touch the earth. A thick mist unfurled from the line of darkened trees that faced the encampment, rising and rising and lying like a corpse over the ground as it then began to crawl closer and closer to the outpost."}}