{"post-48977": {"user": "The Steelscape", "user_num": 1801, "timestamp": "1473284323000", "message": "The Steelscape is ruled by Equinox Industries, which owns seventy percent of all businesses in the city. Maintaining an effective security force, the laws Equinox Industries impose are generally loose and aimed towards allowing the sale of just about anything imaginable. What could normally be considered a criminal organization might be considered simply a successful business in The Steelscape. The main use of the security force is to protect the property of Equinox Industries, ensure continued commerce in the city, and prevent any wide scale disasters that would significantly interrupt or endanger the success of the city at large.The Steelscape is run by four Directors who are in turn watched by the Head Inquisitor. All of these positions are given out by the Archlord and can be changed at any time.Residential Director: Keeps an eye on those living in the city to ensure the streets themselves are relatively safe. Keeps the quality of life reasonable, those unable to sustain a decent quality of life are removed. Although only the most terrible of slums are purged in such a manner, it isn\u2019t unheard of for such struggling sections of the city to be cleansed. The Residential director is also in charge of expansion within The Steelscape.Commercial Director: Insures all the businesses not in the main corporation aren\u2019t doing anything to harm the overall economy and generally keeps an eye on them. They very rarely actually limit what is allowed to be sold in the city or interrupt the other businesses in the city.Magic Director: Keeps tabs on those of significant magic power in the city and maintain the cities magical systems. Their primary task includes running the magic labs, maintaining the Central Scrying Terminal, and monitoring the Central Magic Dispenser. Security Director: Leads the cities defense forces and enforces the few laws/orders given by the leader. They also monitor the city's population in conjunction with those of the Magic branch at the Scrying Terminal. Head Inquisitor: Keeps an eye on each of the Directors and their underlings, ensuring they are performing their duties and not doing anything to the detriment of the company. The Head Inquisitor reports directly to the Archlord and is generally treated with respect by the Directors due to the nature of their relationship. In addition to this role, as Inquisitors act as judges, the Head Inquisitor acts as the highest judge of the Steelscape unless the Archlord personally steps in for a case, which is very rare. The Directors can use whatever method they wish for the chain of command under them, but routine checks are done by Inspectors who work directly for the leader. These are done to ensure loyalty and compliance from both the Directors and those who they appoint.Those interested in making a character joining The Steelscape government should message The Steelscape.", "link_list": ["http://thefantasysandbox.boards.net/user/1801"], "image_list": [], "html": "The Steelscape is ruled by Equinox Industries, which owns seventy percent of all businesses in the city. Maintaining an effective security force, the laws Equinox Industries impose are generally loose and aimed towards allowing the sale of just about anything imaginable. What could normally be considered a criminal organization might be considered simply a successful business in The Steelscape. The main use of the security force is to protect the property of Equinox Industries, ensure continued commerce in the city, and prevent any wide scale disasters that would significantly interrupt or endanger the success of the city at large."}}