{"post-44678": {"user": "The Isran Empire", "user_num": 1310, "timestamp": "1468975185000", "message": "This thread represents the The Oculus Solis Arena as it exists for the final, championship match of the Magic Bracket of The Second Annual Tournament, for the match between\u00a0@Zephiros and\u00a0@Aegon.\u00a0The fighting area itself is an open, circular expanse of imported sand fifty meters across. Competitors enter through opposite entry tunnels on the east and west sides. At the beginning of each match, a match official stands in the center of the ring. The competitors are expected to make their entrances, approach the center, perhaps shake hands or something like that with their competitor, and await the mark of the match official to begin their fight.[In the event of a dispute that cannot be resolved between the competing parties, message\u00a0Empress Naoki      .]", "link_list": ["http://thefantasysandbox.boards.net/thread/1685/oculus-solis-arena", "http://thefantasysandbox.boards.net/thread/1683/second-annual-grand-tournament", "/user/1552", "/user/439", "/user/607"], "image_list": ["http://i.imgur.com/bTBNZbp.png"], "html": "This thread represents the "}, "post-45006": {"user": "Aegon", "user_num": 439, "timestamp": "1469401764000", "message": "Aegon entered the arena. His black robes dragged slightly in the sand, his bracelet sparkled in the light. He was pleased to hear about his opponent in the finals. Someone he had met before the match began. He had told the man he was only here for the melee but the tournament officials asked him if he would like to participate in the magical bracket as well. Who knew it would be Zephiros and Aegon in the finale. Aegon looked across the sand of the arena at the opposite entryway, waiting for his opponent to enter. ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Aegon entered the arena. His black robes dragged slightly in the sand, his bracelet sparkled in the light. He was pleased to hear about his opponent in the finals. Someone he had met before the match began. He had told the man he was only here for the melee but the tournament officials asked him if he would like to participate in the magical bracket as well. Who knew it would be Zephiros and Aegon in the finale. "}, "post-45139": {"user": "Zephiros", "user_num": 1552, "timestamp": "1469560703000", "message": "Zephiros would jog at a light pace into the arena, golden blond hair gleaming in the sunlight as he emerged from the shadows. He would wave to the crowds as he made his way to the middle of the arena to meet his opponent, someone who he had talked to before. He was surprised at first when he saw that Aegon was in the magic bracket, and even more surprised when he made it to the final and found him to be his opponent. This would be interesting, indeed.\u00a0Zephiros wore what he wore to every match he had fought previously, just his normal clothes consisting of his trusty tan windbreaker, with a simple enough striped shirt and tan pants, about the same color as the sand he walked on. He didn't seem to carry any weapons with him either, as he primarily relied on magic to fight. After all, that was why he was in the magic bracket.\u00a0Once within earshot he would call out to his opponent, \"Aegon! Didn't think I'd see you again so soon, especially not here.\"Zephiros would smile lightly, despite the current situation. They were both surrounded by a massive crowd, even more people where here than any of the previous matches, no doubt eager to see the final battle of magic that would surely unfold momentarily.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Zephiros would jog at a light pace into the arena, golden blond hair gleaming in the sunlight as he emerged from the shadows. He would wave to the crowds as he made his way to the middle of the arena to meet his opponent, someone who he had talked to before. He was surprised at first when he saw that Aegon was in the magic bracket, and even more surprised when he made it to the final and found him to be his opponent. This would be interesting, indeed.\u00a0"}, "post-45213": {"user": "Aegon", "user_num": 439, "timestamp": "1469606567000", "message": "Aegon had crossed his arms and hid his hands in his robe's sleeves. He smirked, \"Indeed, I did not think I would be fighting in this branch of the tournament. Yet her we meet again... Shall we see who is the more skilled magician?\" He removed his hands from his sleeves and activated the shield he carried with him. A long oval of crystalline materials formed from the bracelet, an occasional burst of magical energy pulsed through it and slammed the bottom end into the ground. \"Who ever wins buys drinks?\" His other piece of a equipment he had kept hidden behind its own magic through out the tournament. It was time to reveal its presence, Zephiros knew of their existence but not their purpose; one of Aegon's golden orbs shone in the light of the sun and floated from a place above Aegon's right shoulder to his right hand, floating gently just outside the touch of his palm. Its surfaced was etched with gold geometric patterns of diamonds, rhombuses, and octagons; some of the patterns coalesced to almost look like snowflakes. Pale milky blue gems dotted the orb's surface, a pattern in their placement similar to the ones etched into its surface. Aegon was ready for the fight to begin, his equipment prepared, his challenge and greeting made. ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Aegon had crossed his arms and hid his hands in his robe's sleeves. He smirked, \""}, "post-45376": {"user": "Zephiros", "user_num": 1552, "timestamp": "1469748964000", "message": "Zephiros didn't have much magical equipment to prepare so instead he took this time to look over at Aegon's equipment. Half of his observation was distracted by the intricate and ornate patterns etched onto much of the equipment as he could not help but admire the artistic nature of it all. Oh well, he at least got a good look at it and was able to make a few small observations.\u00a0Zephiros would eventually pull out a flute, carved from wood with many of its own intricate patterns carved into the wood. The images carved into the instrument were not a geometrically strict as the patterns on Aegon's orb, instead showing carvings of various animals and other figures and patterns, including a couple of runes here and there. With Zephiros now ready, all they had to wait for was the referee for the match to indicate they were to begin.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Zephiros didn't have much magical equipment to prepare so instead he took this time to look over at Aegon's equipment. Half of his observation was distracted by the intricate and ornate patterns etched onto much of the equipment as he could not help but admire the artistic nature of it all. Oh well, he at least got a good look at it and was able to make a few small observations.\u00a0"}, "post-45746": {"user": "The Isran Empire", "user_num": 1310, "timestamp": "1470244951000", "message": "At long last, the final of the Magic Bracket is to begin. The crowd, though their enthusiasm has waned over the course of the day, still has enough left to roar loudly. As the final match of the magic bracket, this fight ought to be the greatest spectacle yet.\u00a0Once more, for the final time today, Marceline takes to the field. Her overalls are in something of a state, having been soiled rather thoroughly by the dust kicked up in the fights. Magic duels are somewhat messy, after all. Similarly, her hair is a bit matted, a bit sandy, and a tad signed on the top. However, her grin has only widened, to a point that might come off as almost insane.\u00a0However, that doesn't seem to stop her. Crossing from one competitor to the next, she ensures that the tournament enchantments to prevent lasting harm are properly in place. They are. Moving back, she doesn't bother telling the competitors how this works. They know. Instead, she simply stands, and shortly thereafter, the sound of a gong rings out across the arena, signaling the start of the match.\u00a0", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "At long last, the final of the Magic Bracket is to begin. The crowd, though their enthusiasm has waned over the course of the day, still has enough left to roar loudly. As the final match of the magic bracket, this fight ought to be the greatest spectacle yet.\u00a0"}, "post-45795": {"user": "Aegon", "user_num": 439, "timestamp": "1470328309000", "message": "Aegon began charging magic, filling  a well to draw from as the battle goes on. He would keep his shield between himself and Zephiros. He thought for a moment on what he could do. Then again he was sure to find out.  ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Aegon began charging magic, filling  a well to draw from as the battle goes on. He would keep his shield between himself and Zephiros. He thought for a moment on what he could do. Then again he was sure to find out.  "}, "post-46104": {"user": "Zephiros", "user_num": 1552, "timestamp": "1470790554000", "message": "As the sound of the gong can be heard Zephiros takes in the crowd that roared around him, smiling softly. It seemed Aegon would charge his magic for now instead of charging in, so Zephiros figured he should do that as well. However, he had another thing in mind as well as he brought his flute which he brought into the arena with him to his lips, and began softly at first blowing into the instrument a soothing melody. Magic would wreathe his form, growing in intensity as the song continued. Soon the sands of the arena would begin dancing about in the soft winds that seemed to spawn from the notes he played as he amassed more magical energy. The song could be heard by the entire arena as if he was sitting right next to them playing it. At some point during the song Zephiros had closed his eyes, carried away by the melodious song. However he could still tell where Aegon was as his magical song that floated in the gentle winds told him where his opponent was.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "As the sound of the gong can be heard Zephiros takes in the crowd that roared around him, smiling softly. It seemed Aegon would charge his magic for now instead of charging in, so Zephiros figured he should do that as well. However, he had another thing in mind as well as he brought his flute which he brought into the arena with him to his lips, and began softly at first blowing into the instrument a soothing melody. Magic would wreathe his form, growing in intensity as the song continued. "}, "post-46258": {"user": "Aegon", "user_num": 439, "timestamp": "1471126168000", "message": "Aegon observed. Listening to the music rather impressed by the skill with which he wielded the flute. But while his senses of song were impressed his senses of battle was reading the situation. Wind magic spurred by the song.... Interesting. Aegon allowed it to continue as he himself continued to fill his well. He was already forming a strategy for this man. While he was gathering energy he channeled it into the orb floating in his hand. The orb began to frost over, the magic withing being stirred and activated by Aegon's own energy. The frost slowly grew onto Aegon's hand and up his arm, and icy fog flowing off of it as the winds started to dance around him. His black and red robes would dance in the wind as well, billowing back and forth, up and down. This would be a battle of ice and wind, hopefully the crowd had some warm clothes... ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Aegon observed. Listening to the music rather impressed by the skill with which he wielded the flute. But while his senses of song were impressed his senses of battle was reading the situation. Wind magic spurred by the song.... Interesting. Aegon allowed it to continue as he himself continued to fill his well. He was already forming a strategy for this man. While he was gathering energy he channeled it into the orb floating in his hand. The orb began to frost over, the magic withing being stirred and activated by Aegon's own energy. The frost slowly grew onto Aegon's hand and up his arm, and icy fog flowing off of it as the winds started to dance around him. His black and red robes would dance in the wind as well, billowing back and forth, up and down. "}, "post-46471": {"user": "Zephiros", "user_num": 1552, "timestamp": "1471288042000", "message": "As the song continued and the winds grew stronger, the tone of the piece would seem to change to something stronger, more forceful. The winds would pick up in speed to keep up with the new tempo that was played. Zephiros would open his eyes at this point as well, revealing the wells of energy he had gathered by the glowing magic that seemed to radiate from his eyes. The wind immediately surrounding him would also seem to be infused with streams of mana that originated from the flute he played.\u00a0The wind would pick up enough to send sand flying all about the arena, creating conditions of low visibility as a sandstorm began to brew.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "As the song continued and the winds grew stronger, the tone of the piece would seem to change to something stronger, more forceful. The winds would pick up in speed to keep up with the new tempo that was played. Zephiros would open his eyes at this point as well, revealing the wells of energy he had gathered by the glowing magic that seemed to radiate from his eyes. The wind immediately surrounding him would also seem to be infused with streams of mana that originated from the flute he played.\u00a0"}, "post-46481": {"user": "Aegon", "user_num": 439, "timestamp": "1471289408000", "message": "Aegon found it hard to see. That was fine, it meant it was hard for his friend to see aswell. He pumped his energy fully into the orb and his arm became coated with ice, a purely visual side effect of the orb changing Aegon's energy to pure ice magics. Aegon pointed the orb at the ground and ice formed at his feet. Thenint grew up and formed a protected barrier of ice around Aegon. A bubble with thick glacial walls to protect him from the magic Zephiros was working. Aegon in the safety of his barrier continued pumping what energy he could into the orb, little was available after casting the ice barrier. ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Aegon found it hard to see. That was fine, it meant it was hard for his friend to see aswell. He pumped his energy fully into the orb and his arm became coated with ice, a purely visual side effect of the orb changing Aegon's energy to pure ice magics. Aegon pointed the orb at the ground and ice formed at his feet. Thenint grew up and formed a protected barrier of ice around Aegon. A bubble with thick glacial walls to protect him from the magic Zephiros was working. "}, "post-47118": {"user": "Zephiros", "user_num": 1552, "timestamp": "1471805921000", "message": "It would be somewhat difficult for Zephiros to see within the sandstorm, indeed, at least up until his next move, which was to lace the winds of the sandstorm with his own magic, letting it flow on the winds and grant him a sixth sense of sorts which let him detect where the flow of air was hindered.\u00a0It was quite easy to determine the location of Aegon in the arena in this way as he could tell easily where the walls and floors of the arena were located. It was only a mater of pinpointing any other solid presence that was within the arena that broke the bounds of the walls and sandy floors and hindered he flow of air.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "It would be somewhat difficult for Zephiros to see within the sandstorm, indeed, at least up until his next move, which was to lace the winds of the sandstorm with his own magic, letting it flow on the winds and grant him a sixth sense of sorts which let him detect where the flow of air was hindered.\u00a0"}, "post-47382": {"user": "Aegon", "user_num": 439, "timestamp": "1471971703000", "message": "Aegon was more or less blind within the thick walls of ice but he would be safe at least for a time. For now he began preparing his attack. He began to charge his orb with as much magic as he could muster. ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Aegon was more or less blind within the thick walls of ice but he would be safe at least for a time. For now he began preparing his attack. He began to charge his orb with as much magic as he could muster. "}, "post-47678": {"user": "Zephiros", "user_num": 1552, "timestamp": "1472148929000", "message": "With Zephiros' newly acquired senses in the sandstorm, he was able to more accurately determine his current situation in the fight, and once he realized what Aegon had been up to with putting up a protective ice barrier, well...\"I think its time I tried one of my new tricks!\" Zephiros called out gleefully, his voice echoing from all directions from where Aegon stood. Zephiros was careful to manipulate the sound of his voice through the wind to keep his position unknown.\u00a0After a couple of ticks, an intense vortex of air began forming near Aegon's ice barrier, compressing and growing faster by the moment. After a couple of seconds the sheer friction of the air would cause what appeared to be flames to appear out of thin air as the heat levels rose. This firey wind vortex would continue to grow in heat and size as it approached the ice barrier, seeking to melt it.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "With Zephiros' newly acquired senses in the sandstorm, he was able to more accurately determine his current situation in the fight, and once he realized what Aegon had been up to with putting up a protective ice barrier, well..."}, "post-48092": {"user": "Aegon", "user_num": 439, "timestamp": "1472498656000", "message": "The flaming twister that had enveloped his barrier shone its presence through the ice. Aegon noticed this, an excellent counter to his defense. But this would work, yes. This is good. Aegon began to speak, no one would hear through the ice and fire that surrounded him:\"K\u00fclm tuul talvelJ\u00e4\u00e4 ja lume sosistadesL\u00f5petada sosinSelle asemel m\u00fcha. Vihma taevast oma raevpeatada maailma j\u00e4\u00e4 ja lumi\"Aegon raise his frosted arm and touched the top of his melting barrier. A beam of blue light rose through the flaming sky and clouds formed overhead. The spell was cast but it would take time to launchThe inferno was gaining ground melting away the ice barrier, it became thin enough that Aegon could see through it. Not good. He maintained his position with his ice orb against the top of the barrier, oddly enough where it was thickest. The sky overhead grew darker and darker. Then the spell finally launched from the sky, a pillar of ice came down. It was not solid ice, no it was more like a compressed blizzard. Snow and ice swirling in a mighty vortex that came down and greeting its flaming double. Upon contact the magics would conflict, the flaming heat and the bitter cold meeting and the magics at work pressing them into a high pressure. The pillars arguing about who was stronger, who could resist or destroy the other. Steam and water spilled forth from the contact and the pillar of fire suffered. The flame was made of wind's friction, the ice and snow made purely of themselves and as the cold magic gained ground this elemental discrepancy showed. The winds became cool and its swirling vortex, cast by the enemy, was soon fill with Aegon's blizzard. Now a white and ice blue pillar stood swirling where the flaming one once stood.The air in the air in the arena began to cool. The swirling pillar of compressed winter storm affecting the area around it. Aegon stood at its center, his barrier had given way in places and was slowly crumbling away in the cold vortex, the magic within it exhausted. ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "The flaming twister that had enveloped his barrier shone its presence through the ice. Aegon noticed this, an excellent counter to his defense. But this would work, yes. This is good. "}, "post-48707": {"user": "Zephiros", "user_num": 1552, "timestamp": "1473022407000", "message": "The fire storm that Zephiros had started used up most of his remaining magical energy and thus the sandstorm would also dissipate and visibility would increase.The cold would get to Zephiros pretty quickly, and he would zip up his windbreak for now, though he figured soon that would not be enough. It was getting cold pretty quickly.As the winds settled Zephiros would put away his wooden flute for now, having finished his song. He would frown slightly when he saw Aegon still standing, growing slightly more worried at that point, \"Well that didn't seem to work as well as I hoped...\" he mused, more to himself than anyone else. Though Aegon would hear it.\u00a0Gathering mana once again Zephiros would prepare himself now for more of a head on battle with Aegon, with the cover of his sandstorm now gone, and his flames dissipated.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "The fire storm that Zephiros had started used up most of his remaining magical energy and thus the sandstorm would also dissipate and visibility would increase.The cold would get to Zephiros pretty quickly, and he would zip up his windbreak for now, though he figured soon that would not be enough. It was getting cold pretty quickly."}, "post-48715": {"user": "Aegon", "user_num": 439, "timestamp": "1473027067000", "message": "Aegon began to channel magic into the storm, filling it with more magical energy. He had used enough magic that it was beginning to affect his physical form. Though the swirling cyclonic blizzard encased him Zephiros would see Aegon's eyes glowing white through the storm. Aegon was preparing to finish the fight using the existing storm's power. Not yet though, he needed more power to finish this. ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Aegon began to channel magic into the storm, filling it with more magical energy. He had used enough magic that it was beginning to affect his physical form. Though the swirling cyclonic blizzard encased him Zephiros would see Aegon's eyes glowing white through the storm. Aegon was preparing to finish the fight using the existing storm's power. Not yet though, he needed more power to finish this. "}, "post-48894": {"user": "Zephiros", "user_num": 1552, "timestamp": "1473222876000", "message": "Standing across the arena, Zephiros could see the glowing eyes in the midst of the swirling blizzard. The storm grew ever stronger by the moment, the pull of magic from the local ley-lines palpable as pulled on them hungrily. The crowd that surrounded Zephiros was still audible even through the heavy winds that had formed inside the arena, the sound of thousands of people all roaring in anticipation for the climax of this so far spectacular fight, the sheer volume of the crowd nearly overwhelming.He wouldn't go out without a fight, and he would make damn sure the match would at least be entertaining. His own pride as a performer demanded it, craved it. No audience would be left disappointed after his performance, \"Time for the final act!\"Zephiros gritted his teeth and began to draw mana, visible sparks of energy dancing around him as it was violently pulled from the local pool. Adrenaline was plenty in supply as well at this point as the magic grew in intensity, and soon the swirling winds around Zephiros would pick up considerably in speed, circling ever more tightly to begin forming a tornado. The winds of the tornado would begin to glow with the occasional streak of intense white light as Zephiros poured magic directly into the whirlwind to increase its speed beyond any natural levels in short time. The streaks of white light that swirled within the growing cyclone seemed to streamed directly from Zephiros' palms, held upwards towards the mighty tornado that began to form before him. The amount of magic being channeled at once would also cause Zephiros' eyes to glow in an intense white light much like Aegon\u2019s had, along with some other effects due to drawing energy at such a rapid rate.All along Zephiros\u2019 arms the mana gathered and became energized flowing across the outstretched limbs in twisting streams of magic towards his palms where they would coalesce into two separate flows of magical energy. The energy was quite potent and would cause singeing all along his arms and the clothing worn over them as it passed closely over them. This would definitely be Zephiros\u2019 last spell of the fight, as he was completely overloading all of his internal leylines to draw the magic needed to complete the attack.However, when the tornado was finally completed, its winds would have grown to such a speed that it would tear apart anything it came into contact with, much like a tornado of blades. This effect would be helped by the sands that got caught up in the winds, adding actual substance to the deadly vortex. As Zephiros strained to complete the spell he would let out a roar of exertion, forcing the last bit of energy needed into the tornado. The sound was drowned out by the tornado, which had grown to such a volume as to even overshadow the roaring of the crowd.Zephiros would be lost briefly in those few chaotic moments immediately following his completion of the spell, and Aegon would find the tornado tearing through the arena towards him now, a seemingly unstoppable force of wind and magical energy.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Standing across the arena, Zephiros could see the glowing eyes in the midst of the swirling blizzard. The storm grew ever stronger by the moment, the pull of magic from the local ley-lines palpable as pulled on them hungrily. The crowd that surrounded Zephiros was still audible even through the heavy winds that had formed inside the arena, the sound of thousands of people all roaring in anticipation for the climax of this so far spectacular fight, the sheer volume of the crowd nearly overwhelming."}, "post-49076": {"user": "Aegon", "user_num": 439, "timestamp": "1473412567000", "message": "Aegon sensed the magic at work. It was so brilliant that he could almost most see it. AsHe mustered all the strength he could. The final conclusion to this battle was drawing near and Aegon would leave nothing back. He pulled from all the wells he could tap. Something stirred within him, something that rarely rears itself. The magic bubbling up with him, channeled instantly into ice magic, began to affect his physical form in a greater aspect. A layer of ice formed across his skin. Hie robes gained a layer of frost, to those that knew the robes purpose this would prove a feat. Even his hair, tousled and blown around in the wind froze solid. His eyes already glowing brilliantly began to spread its glow, lines began to streak down from them and up, the lines upward curved inward into a circle and a dot appeared. Every breath he took let out a foggy mist from the coolness in his lungs. Zephiros launched his attack. Aegon replied, pumping all the energy he had into his blizzard. \"Ois!\" The blizzard suddenly compressed into a ball around Aegon and then two swirling vortexes unleashed themselves from the orb. The fronts of the snaking storm's took on the appearance of a serpentine dragons.The two frozen vortexes raced out and then curved toward Zephiros going around his spell entirely. Aegon was going for the kill, keeping only enough of the blizzard around himself to help defend against Zephiros' fury. However, with the rate of speed both spells were traveling they would both hit their targets at the same time.Aegon's powerful ice dragon's slamming into Zephiros who seemed to have no defense. Zephiros' furious vortex slamming into what little storm was left around Aegon.\u00a0 Both causing a huge eruption of snow to be cast into the air and block the view of the crowd, they would have to wait for the snow to settle to see the victor, if there was one. Note: (Ois = bloom or blossom) ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Aegon sensed the magic at work. It was so brilliant that he could almost most see it. AsHe mustered all the strength he could. The final conclusion to this battle was drawing near and Aegon would leave nothing back. He pulled from all the wells he could tap. Something stirred within him, something that rarely rears itself. The magic bubbling up with him, channeled instantly into ice magic, began to affect his physical form in a greater aspect. A layer of ice formed across his skin. Hie robes gained a layer of frost, to those that knew the robes purpose this would prove a feat. Even his hair, tousled and blown around in the wind froze solid. His eyes already glowing brilliantly began to spread its glow, lines began to streak down from them and up, the lines upward curved inward into a circle and a dot appeared. Every breath he took let out a foggy mist from the coolness in his lungs. "}, "post-49203": {"user": "Zephiros", "user_num": 1552, "timestamp": "1473559696000", "message": "Zephiros watched silently as his tornado tore across the arena towards Aegon. It seemed that in the same moment Aegon released two serpentine dragons composed of a pair of intensely powerful blizzards towards him as well, that was quite unfortunate for Zephiros. His vision was already blackening around the edges as the attack closed in on him, and he knew he couldn't possibly muster any defense for it after having cast his last spell.\u00a0Hopefully my attack works as well... Zephiros thought dimly as the ice dragon storms reached him. The force of the impact would send him flying back several yards, disappearing in an eruption of snow. Zephiros would find himself mostly buried in snow with only his left shoulder and head poking out of the snow pile and also find that he is unable to move his limbs, as they seem to be frozen in ice, though the wards in the arena protected him from being frozen to death. However, the wards didn't completely negate the effectiveness of the attack nor did they hinder his own ability to draw magic, even if he did draw too much at one time in a rather dangerous fashion.\u00a0Zephiros' vision would blacken completely as he lost consciousness, the distant sound of the crowd roaring in approval at the spectacular conclusion of the battle reaching his ears moments before he couldn't hear anything save for silence.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Zephiros watched silently as his tornado tore across the arena towards Aegon. It seemed that in the same moment Aegon released two serpentine dragons composed of a pair of intensely powerful blizzards towards him as well, that was quite unfortunate for Zephiros. His vision was already blackening around the edges as the attack closed in on him, and he knew he couldn't possibly muster any defense for it after having cast his last spell.\u00a0"}, "post-49222": {"user": "Aegon", "user_num": 439, "timestamp": "1473582929000", "message": "Zephiros' tornado hit Aegon's blizzard barrier and ripped it asunder. It barely dulled the power of the spell launched at him. The tornado bared down at Aegon and the man placed his shield between himself and the spell. Again his defense was ripped asunder, its golden material shattering before the spells might. Now nothing was left to stop the spell from laying waste to Aegon. The tornado slammed into him, the force throwing him all the way across the arena and into the wall with a mighty slam; a gasp leaving him as his back made contact with the side of the arena. He slid down the wall and slumped on the ground, his back against the wall. He looked up to see the results of the battle but didn't otherwise move from his slumped position. noticeable to all in the arena were hundreds of bright red marks across his skin where the winds of the tornado would have sliced him to smithereens. Snow that was cast up from the magic used by Aegon was finally settling across the arena, both fighters were clearly done, but who was the victor?", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Zephiros' tornado hit Aegon's blizzard barrier and ripped it asunder. It barely dulled the power of the spell launched at him. The tornado bared down at Aegon and the man placed his shield between himself and the spell. Again his defense was ripped asunder, its golden material shattering before the spells might. Now nothing was left to stop the spell from laying waste to Aegon. The tornado slammed into him, the force throwing him all the way across the arena and into the wall with a mighty slam; a gasp leaving him as his back made contact with the side of the arena. "}, "post-50178": {"user": "The Isran Empire", "user_num": 1310, "timestamp": "1474466086000", "message": "Following the conclusion of the match, Marceline the Referee calls in backup to extract the combatants from the arena and ensure that they don\u2019t suffer any lasting damage. (Apparently, the protective enchantments weren't tested for frostbite.)Fortunately enough, everything turns out reasonably well for the pair of them, and aside from spending the remainder of the day in the arena\u2019s rehabilitation center under the care of Isran doctors, they ought to be fine. Some time after the match has concluded and after much review, it is announced that Aegon is the victor of the match on a technicality: the possibility of him living through the match without the protective enchantment is marginally higher than that of his opponent. It is also mentioned that the rewards will be awarded after the Warrior Bracket is also complete.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Following the conclusion of the match, Marceline the Referee calls in backup to extract the combatants from the arena and ensure that they don\u2019t suffer any lasting damage. (Apparently, the protective enchantments weren't tested for frostbite.)"}}