{"post-46528": {"user": "Aozora", "user_num": 1772, "timestamp": "1471310123000", "message": "The founder of Aozora was once a regional lord of Western Katashima, he had inherited these lands from his dishonorable father after he died, his father had done very poorly at running his state in his old age and made many enemies with his petty callousness. Not long after Shintaro inherited his father's lands the civil war began, the Tiger Lord Morimoto tore through the lands as he contested the rule of the imperial line. Like many Katashimans, Shintaro was forced to flee across the sea to Goraia. Shintaro lived in Goraia for weeks and witnessed the civil unrest around him, another rebellion was starting and he had no wish to be caught in the middle of it. With his Manservant Exim Kun and a wise old general Ming Lee (Styled name Yunxu), the former lord left Goraia and hit the road. In time Shintaro Nishida would meet other refugees from many place and decided that he would take on the task of finding a new home for his people, as he went on gathering followers he met refugees from other places and allowed them to follow him too, he learned that so many people have been forced to leave their homelands for one reason or another and his heart was moved. Shintaro changed his mission to include refugees from all over, from what he had seen in his travels, the new civilizations that sprung up after the cataclysm such as Isra had grown too congested to properly take in the huge influx of displaced peoples, and he had learned that here on the mainland there was many lands that had been abandoned for years since the cataclysm, land that could be reclaimed. News spread through refugee camps all over about the Katashiman Noble who was gathering people to make a new nation, they followed his trail and joined him. A small army was assembled and they marched south to the lands of Fareen, a pre-cataclysm Kingdom that was shattered by the cataclysm, the decendents of the last king of Fareen have struggled with holding on to the land as Bandit lords came in to take advantage of the derelict region and the poor people who still remain in the land. After a few scraps with local bandits, Shintaro Nishida's Aozora have now taken up base in an abandoned castle which he has named after the late Empress of his native Katashima. The construction of the first Ao town has begun.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "The founder of Aozora was once a regional lord of Western Katashima, he had inherited these lands from his dishonorable father after he died, his father had done very poorly at running his state in his old age and made many enemies with his petty callousness. Not long after Shintaro inherited his father's lands the civil war began, the Tiger Lord Morimoto tore through the lands as he contested the rule of the imperial line. Like many Katashimans, Shintaro was forced to flee across the sea to Goraia. Shintaro lived in Goraia for weeks and witnessed the civil unrest around him, another rebellion was starting and he had no wish to be caught in the middle of it. "}}