{"post-87321": {"user": "Edan", "user_num": 3131, "timestamp": "1543505263000", "message": "IntroductionFar from the known settlement on this plane known as the overworld, there is a place.An Isle, shrouded in mist and protected by an ancient magic that none can even recall. Not the type, not even the caster. Only that it remains steadfast and constant through the many centuries. It keeps outsiders away, but the denizens are free to leave as they please. No outsider can find it on their own- not unless they carry or travel with the blood of the denizens born on the soil.\u00a0And the denizens vary greatly. All manner of creature and all manner of being calls this site it\u2019s birthplace. It is the only place on this plane that harbors the descent into the Netherworld and the passage up to the gateway of the Heavens. The place where gods, demons, and mortal beings live side by side in variable harmony.\u00a0The Home of Dreams. The Land of Beasts. A place where the rules of the world don\u2019t truly apply. The Isle with no true name shrouded in mist.\u00a0GovernmentAs always, there must be some order to the world as chaotic as this. As such there are 4 Kings that rule over this Isle. The Reign of the Skies that rules the Gods and blessed above. The Reign of Hell, that rules over the disasters that creep below the surface. The Reign of the Seas, that rule the creatures of the deep. And finally, that with largest of domains and citizens, the Reign of the Land and Mortals. Within each monarchy, there is a separation of power, each race has a being to represent them to the others, and to lead. The largest court belongs to the mortals and those that walk the earth. There are many provinces within the realms, controlled by hand appointed ministers of power, the Governors, who further have their own branching of power down to counts. The different Reigns meet regularly to maintain the peace between their worlds and how to keep their realm from bleeding into the Overworld common.\u00a0Climate and GeographyIt is called an Isle but that does not truly explain what this land is. There is a large mainland that is surrounded by smaller islands connected by land bridges and waterways. Deserts, tundras, forests, jungles, plains- all are represented amongst the islands in order to support the many species and races. The vast majority live on the central mainland, that has the most biomes scattered across its surface, intermingling freely with each other. The mainland  is also where the corridors to heaven and hell lie as well. The mainland is about 3 million square miles and the islands are anywhere from 4,000 to 44 square miles.About 4 nautical miles away from the furthest island, there are the Wards that keep the rest of the world away from this Oasis. If any outsider were to approach this wards, they would merely be redirected away from the Isle by strong currents and a correction of their instruments. Though the people of the seas have been known to\u2026 entertain intruders should they come too close.There are four main cities for each of the four reigns. All in their respective realms, though the mortal realm's city was raised eons ago and is kept aloft with the same magic that powers the wards. The only way to reach this city, for those not blessed with wings that is, is on the enchanted flying barges that make trips regularly bringing those up who wish to see the city. The city of skies is only reachable to those with wings or access to the portals. The city of the Netherworld is easier to fall into, though most prefer to take the stairs or a similar portal to that of the heavens. The city of the seas is truly only accessible to those who've mastered spells of water breathing or were born with gills.For those reasons, the meeting of the Reigns is routinely held in the mortal city (pictured above) as it is the easiest and most ubiquitous to travel to.\u00a0CitizenryIt would take too long to try and name all manner of creature that call the Isle their home. However, there are three ways to identify a citizen of this ancient world.Number 1. Their heart beats are different than that of their Overworld counterparts. It is thought to have developed in the citizenry as some identifying feature for the Wards to recognize. Their rhythm is two short beats then 3 long beats flowing seamlessly together.. Many abroad residents disguise or hide their heart beats when away.Number 2. Somewhere on their body, typically on the nape of the neck, there is a birthmark in the shape of the islands. Also rather unexplained, but thought to be a side effect of the Wards as well.\u00a0And finally, Number 3. All beings that have blood of Edan live far longer than is typical of their respective races. Whether from the abundance of resources and food or a blessing from above or curse from below, it is universal to all those who call Edan their birthplace.There is truly only one way for one to know if they are of the Isle though. If they confess to their heritage. Though none would do so. In part because, it is generally frowned upon- those of Edan would rather not be tangled in the mess and wars of the Overworld proper. But also simply because in actuality\u2026\u00a0Who would believe them even if they said so?", "link_list": [], "image_list": ["https://image.dhgate.com/0x0/f2/albu/g5/M01/9D/B4/rBVaI1jZznSAZOZcAAD8Vz7wyZA949.jpg"], "html": "<div style=\"text-align:center;\"><b><u>Introduction</u></b></div>"}}