{"post-91271": {"user": "Kaleb Mistson", "user_num": 3454, "timestamp": "1560565573000", "message": "Out at sea, far removed from the society of onlookers and prattlers a small, one-man boat wavered on the sea. It was once blue, at least Kaleb assumed it had been. It had far faded by the time he had set his hands upon it. How long had they been out this time? Sailing from point-to-point, living their lives...and trying to stay alive to boot. The sailor sighed for a moment, glad to furl his sails if only for a few hours as he dunked a jug into the water. The bout creaked ominously as it dipped downwards slightly, but by this point he was old hat to the quirks the mischievous little vessel threw his way and without fear he dragged the vessel to the surface and, with the confidence of the insane or foolish, he tipped the jug back and drank deeply of the salt and foam.\u00a0Lowering it he corked it once again. The ring he wore was a powerful trinket. A sailor's dream, really, had it not come with the baggage of a school of terrifying fish women trying to flay him alive for it. Drinking the salt water as if it were from a welling spring was just one of its benefits, but for a man at sea it was likely one of its most useful. At last he set the jug aside, leaning on the side of the boat as he looked into the lightly undulating foam below. He knew she was there. He could feel her, just as he knew she could feel him. Yet he couldn't help but feel the tug of an all-too-natural longing.\u00a0\"Permission to come aboard, granted.\" he called at the water. At this point had anyone been watching, they would have surely written off the man as insane, drunk, or sun poisoned, but nevertheless he stared at the sea as if it might speak back to him.\u00a0", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Out at sea, far removed from the society of onlookers and prattlers a small, one-man boat wavered on the sea. It was once blue, at least Kaleb assumed it had been. It had far faded by the time he had set his hands upon it. How long had they been out this time? Sailing from point-to-point, living their lives...and trying to stay alive to boot. The sailor sighed for a moment, glad to furl his sails if only for a few hours as he dunked a jug into the water. The bout creaked ominously as it dipped downwards slightly, but by this point he was old hat to the quirks the mischievous little vessel threw his way and without fear he dragged the vessel to the surface and, with the confidence of the insane or foolish, he tipped the jug back and drank deeply of the salt and foam.\u00a0"}, "post-91366": {"user": "Nerisha", "user_num": 3463, "timestamp": "1560726577000", "message": "No sooner had the man spoken did the water beside the boat swell. Parting the waves and grabbing the side of the boat was a pearly-eyed nymph, awash in scales that mimicked the ocean's midday glimmer. A stunning head of red hair laid out among her shoulders unburdened by the moisture that clung to it. A broad green fin tapered from her shoulders to a tail that disappeared far beneath the surface of the water.Smiling softly, she held out a hand to him, her weight pulling the boat to one side. \"You sailed as though taken by a fever,\" said the creature, voice smooth as the ocean's ebb and flow. \"Still, my ears have not gone a day without hearing your call, nor my eyes without the witness of your face. Tell me, prisoner of my heart, how much longer will my skin have to wait without the cheritable union of your own?\"", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "No sooner had the man spoken did the water beside the boat swell. Parting the waves and grabbing the side of the boat was a pearly-eyed nymph, awash in scales that mimicked the ocean's midday glimmer. A stunning head of red hair laid out among her shoulders unburdened by the moisture that clung to it. A broad green fin tapered from her shoulders to a tail that disappeared far beneath the surface of the water."}, "post-91401": {"user": "Kaleb Mistson", "user_num": 3454, "timestamp": "1560806130000", "message": "At the sight of Nerisha's face, Kaleb's own split into a good-natured grin. It had taken an effort in their early days for him to understand her unique, opaque method of speech. Of course, as her prisoner he'd had all the time in the world to learn it. Stooping, he tangled his fingers into the mass of red hair, rivulets of seawater ran down her face but he wasted no time in pressing his lips to hers. After a few moments of their embrace he broke it, settling back enough to keep the Ray from taking on any more water but taking her outstretched hand he held it as they spoke. \"We had to sail fast,\" he told her with an apologetic glance. \"You know how your sisters are. They were right on our heels.\" then, with a glance past her in the water when he assumed her tail tapered off to. \"Well, my heels, anyways.\" he added with a wink. He didn't seem off-put by their trials, but it was impossible to say he didn't look tired. They had sailed for nearly three days and while he'd brought her aboard to rest as she'd needed, he hadn't had that luxury. Of course she was the one who had needed the sleep. They'd never escaped were it not for her magic and, as such, they at last had this brief, sweet moment of respite. \"We have time,\" he offered. \"We lost them about a day ago, but I just had to be sure they couldn't catch up. We should catch up on some rest.\" he scratched his bearded cheek lightly, turning his gaze on the cloudless sky above. \"I was thinking about something else, as well.\" he admitted though with a tone somber enough to deflect expectations of what she might think he were referring to. ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "At the sight of Nerisha's face, Kaleb's own split into a good-natured grin. It had taken an effort in their early days for him to understand her unique, opaque method of speech. Of course, as her prisoner he'd had all the time in the world to learn it. Stooping, he tangled his fingers into the mass of red hair, rivulets of seawater ran down her face but he wasted no time in pressing his lips to hers. After a few moments of their embrace he broke it, settling back enough to keep the Ray from taking on any more water but taking her outstretched hand he held it as they spoke. "}}