{"post-87047": {"user": "The Order", "user_num": 1842, "timestamp": "1542406922000", "message": "To the South-West of Salem and Ritterheim, Zindtler village is the closest one to the capital and as such is responsible for much of its food supply. As many of the rebels in the capital ran here, it was more or less inevitable that once time came to pick a side the village raised the Black Cross against Konrad. Though the armed garrisson of guards was rather small and pathetic, it has recently been augmented by a sizable amount of volunteer militia. ", "link_list": [], "image_list": ["https://i.imgur.com/BMzAB8F.png"], "html": "To the South-West of Salem and Ritterheim, Zindtler village is the closest one to the capital and as such is responsible for much of its food supply. As many of the rebels in the capital ran here, it was more or less inevitable that once time came to pick a side the village raised the Black Cross against Konrad. Though the armed garrisson of guards was rather small and pathetic, it has recently been augmented by a sizable amount of volunteer militia. "}, "post-87206": {"user": "Dietrich the Sadist", "user_num": 673, "timestamp": "1542988611000", "message": "It was no surprise to Konrad that his declarations would instigate dissent among the people.  The King thought it better to let the rebels flee the city like rodents and consolidate elsewhere with other discontents so that he may crush them all in one swift blow.And so it was that they fled to Zindtler Village.  The fertile lands surrounding it was important for the food supplies necessary to keep the people of Salem fed.  If the Kingdom was to stand any chance in this brewing civil war, or against the Empire for that matter, they needed this region.  Unfortunately, win or lose, the fertile farmland would be drenched in blood...King Konrad sent the Brotherhood's former executioner and ordenmarschall, Dietrich the Sadist, to deal with this rebellion.  Dietrich was a sick man, a madman, a monster!  He was nothing but a dog that the former Hochmeister let loose on his enemies.  His previous victims were tortured, mutilated, herded like cattle, or otherwise slaughtered.  And it would be no surprise if the Sadist enacted unimaginable horrors on the people of Zindtler.  But such was Konrad's plan - he was sending a message.Dietrich was given command of a few new detachments raised by the Kingdom.  These state-funded troops numbered six-hundred men in total: 6 companies of 100 men each.  They were outfitted with pikes, swords, gambesons, kettle helmets, and tower shields.  They were well-trained, drilled, and led by officers within their ranks.  They would form the bulk of the army.Also in league with this army was one-hundred Vessian crossbowmen - mercenaries still in service to the Kingdom.  Though they lacked the range of a standard bow, the crossbow was very powerful and could pierce armor.  They had been given pavise shields to assist them in the exchange of ranged attacks.Finally, the Sadist was heading 40 Lancers - formerly Knights of the Order.  There was also a detachment of freikorps within the ranks as well, one-hundred to be exact.  These lightly-armed horsemen wielded crossbows, gambesons, and swords, and acted more as skirmish cavalry who could also dismount and fight as light infantry if necessary.The Audrian force approached from the west, staying clear of the forest to their north.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "It was no surprise to Konrad that his declarations would instigate dissent among the people.  The King thought it better to let the rebels flee the city like rodents and consolidate elsewhere with other discontents so that he may crush them all in one swift blow."}, "post-87221": {"user": "The Order", "user_num": 1842, "timestamp": "1543079879000", "message": "As in the distance came Dietrich, the watch tower to the far north had a brazier lit before the man inside took a look at who was leading the force, before promptly running for his life. The response from within Zindtler was quick, for a professional was at the head of the town. Already men ran to wagons filled with sacks of grain and ran off, while others ran to warehouses with torches awaiting a proper signal. As news spread that it was Dietrich coming from a flap-tongued Guard in possession of a telescope most of the town began to run for their lives Southwards. Those that had quite some courage decided to stand and fight. Perhaps Dietrich being the one sent to come was a blessing in disguise. Karl von Helkis was the commander of Zindtler village, but as an old Witch Hunter he also knew how to command a crisis. Immediately messengers were sent in many directions to spread the information that Konrad had decided to use Dietrich upon his own people. Heinous! This would certainly let people know that there was no turning back now the civil war began, and the fact that the rebels were truly fighters for freedom against a harsh oppressor! Of the men that remained to fight the knowledge they were fighting for survival of their wives and children it certainly strengthened their resolve....Thus it was with heroic speed that the force assembled. The North Road's gates opened, and ahead went the militia. To the eye, it was roughly four hundred men. They could be loosely described as spearmen with shields, but that wouldn't be wholly accurate. Many had heirlooms or weapons and armour from years in service, explaining the sight of real spears, shields, plate, chainmail, so on and so forth. But many had to do with improvised version. Some made their own shields with wooden planks having steel sheets nailed on, others simply ripped doors out of their frames and made do with that. For a weapon many had pitchforks, while others hammered scythes and shovels into cruel shapes. Of course, once initial charges were done a sidearm would be useful, where perhaps peasant origins came handy. Heavy splitting axes were put in belts, cleavers, crowbars, hammers, things soldiers probably never faced, but that could make injuries oh so horrifying.... For armour they likewise had to make do with quite little most men simply wearing several layers of clothing, putting on kettles as a substitute for kettle helms, others strapping plowshares as crude but perhaps surprisingly effective cuirasses. Yet thanks to the road's ever so slight elevation and the light load of the men, the two hundred marching right beside the column of four hundred would most likely be unnoticed.... Hunching and crouching right beside the long line were a hundred more of such spearmen, alongside one hundred huntsmen with longbows. These men were more or less identical in arms and armour to the spearmen save replacing spear and shield with a grand bow. Yet to the East, more shapes would move unseen. Going through the wheat fields, one hundred guardsmen in full armour with leather armour underneath chainmail which in turn was underneath plate together with long polearms somewhere in between halberds and pollaxes, alongside yet another hundred huntsmen though these carried heavy crossbows instead. Finally, if one examined the woods with a telescope, they just might notice that men were watching from within. Mounted men, waiting their moment.....", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "<div align=\"justify\">As in the distance came Dietrich, the watch tower to the far north had a brazier lit before the man inside took a look at who was leading the force, before promptly running for his life. The response from within Zindtler was quick, for a professional was at the head of the town. Already men ran to wagons filled with sacks of grain and ran off, while others ran to warehouses with torches awaiting a proper signal. As news spread that it was Dietrich coming from a flap-tongued Guard in possession of a telescope most of the town began to run for their lives Southwards. <br/></div>"}, "post-88001": {"user": "Dietrich the Sadist", "user_num": 673, "timestamp": "1546095885000", "message": "Four companies were deployed as a main line; they presented a wall of four-hundred pikemen.  Screening this main force were the Vessian Crossbowmen; although they lacked in range, they made up for it with armor-piercing bolts; pavise shields would protect them should an exhange of ranged combat ensue.  Behind this primary deployment were the other two companies acting as reserves.  The forty lancers surrounded Dietrich, their commander, behind the main line, and they awaited further orders from the former Ordenmarschall.  Finally, the light frei-korps were divided into two groups, one to watch either flank of the army.  No moves had been made to move into range of the village, and it did not appear as if the Audrian force was ready to make an attack.  They were biding their time it seemed.But then a rider exited from within the ranks of the pikemen.  He was alone an carried with him a flag of truce.  He came riding towards Zindtler village with a message, hoping the rebels would receive him kindly...", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Four companies were deployed as a main line; they presented a wall of four-hundred pikemen.  Screening this main force were the Vessian Crossbowmen; although they lacked in range, they made up for it with armor-piercing bolts; pavise shields would protect them should an exhange of ranged combat ensue.  Behind this primary deployment were the other two companies acting as reserves.  The forty lancers surrounded Dietrich, their commander, behind the main line, and they awaited further orders from the former Ordenmarschall.  Finally, the light frei-korps were divided into two groups, one to watch either flank of the army.  No moves had been made to move into range of the village, and it did not appear as if the Audrian force was ready to make an attack.  They were biding their time it seemed."}, "post-88072": {"user": "The Order", "user_num": 1842, "timestamp": "1546212533000", "message": "Witch Hunter von Helkis most certainly did not like the look of this. The enemy were more numerous, and better equipped. There were naturally advantages he could see; he was on the defensive, and so the enemy would have to come to him. In addition, there were also his boys going through the fields.... The men before him assembled in a wide formation, three hundred men in three rows of a hundred. On either flank were two rows of fifty more of such militia, with the hundred bowmen behind the main formation prepared for indirect fire. Yet, what was this, they wanted to parley? Odd. A gloved hand rose, making a few gestures. Moments later the central formation dispersed and he stepped forth. He knew what they would most likely say; \"Surrender and keep your lives,\" or just some statement of how much they would kill him, how painfully. Truth was, it was nigh impossible anything would actually result from the words of his counterpart, but the fact was this provided time for his flanking men to maneuver into a critical position.Von Helkis moved forth, nodding to the rider as he went to meet him. However, he was not stupid enough to step into the range of the crossbows of the enemy. No, he only walked close enough to greet the rider with a bow, waiting for him to speak. ", "link_list": ["https://i.imgur.com/SjYnzSq.jpg"], "image_list": [], "html": "<div>Witch Hunter von Helkis most certainly did not like the look of this. The enemy were more numerous, and better equipped. There were naturally advantages he could see; he was on the defensive, and so the enemy would have to come to him. In addition, there were also his boys going through the fields.... <br/></div>"}, "post-88073": {"user": "Dietrich the Sadist", "user_num": 673, "timestamp": "1546214622000", "message": "Von Helkis' counterpart was a light cavalryman; if one had to guess, he fit the description of one of the frei-korps men.  The Frei-Korps were unruly skirmishers who usually fought on horseback.  They were pesky opportunists, on and off the battlefield.  This particular fellow was quite young, and seemed to enjoy dressing himself in lavish silk white and black garments.  A very obvious and very large purple feather plumed his hat.\"Greetings,\" the man called out as he approached.  \"I've been sent by our commander, that thing they call Dietrich.  You are to lie down your arms and surrender this town immediately.  Failure to comply will not only result in your execution... but that of the men, women, and children who live here.\"", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Von Helkis' counterpart was a light cavalryman; if one had to guess, he fit the description of one of the frei-korps men.  The Frei-Korps were unruly skirmishers who usually fought on horseback.  They were pesky opportunists, on and off the battlefield.  This particular fellow was quite young, and seemed to enjoy dressing himself in lavish silk white and black garments.  A very obvious and very large purple feather plumed his hat."}, "post-88078": {"user": "The Order", "user_num": 1842, "timestamp": "1546217013000", "message": "So these really were Konrad's new state troops, eh? The absolute state of them appalled him. Still, his features remained impassive to the boy, nothing but a scrutinizing gaze that was his static face. \"Well, boy, I think there are several issues with your statements. For one, I don't exactly believe Konrad would be willing to do that.\"In truth, he was uncertain. It was certainly possible, but speaking to the lad offered him a few moments to think, and for the hidden forces to move just a little more.\"Because it would set a precedent. Now imagine all these dead people with family everywhere, noble and commoner alike. Do you think Konrad would want his very own castle staff and advisors twiddling a knife behind his back?\" The Witch Hunter shook his head, took off his hat to scratch his head somewhat and then returned it to its place. \"But let us say he is. I then wonder if he will succeed. I don't think he will, I think I will win the battle. Do you? If I thought I wouldn't stand here, would I? But here my lad I must also wonder, if he would really be doing so, why do you follow him? Would you not prefer to stand with the side that does not kill the innocent, while being able to pay you just the same?\" He asked, gesturing invitingly to the Loyalist lines. \"It is a great offer.\" He stated quite simply. ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "<div>So these really were Konrad's new state troops, eh? The absolute state of them appalled him. Still, his features remained impassive to the boy, nothing but a scrutinizing gaze that was his static face. <br/></div>"}, "post-88081": {"user": "Dietrich the Sadist", "user_num": 673, "timestamp": "1546218078000", "message": "The Frei-Korp listened with disdain to what Von Helkis had to say.  His only job was to offer terms - terms which everyone in the Audrian army knew would be turned down.  'Formalities'.  He and his company were hired soldiers 'state-funded mercenaries' so to speak.  They had specific talents that put them beyond the measure of the ordinary soldier, and they were better off left to act on their own accord.\"Very noble,\" the young man replied, \"I applaud your efforts.  But don't forget you're the rebel and I'm the loyalist.  You come here and rile these people up, putting them at risk, making them fight your battles.  Your actions have put more innocent lives on the line than ours\"  The fellow spat on the ground.  \"The fact of the matter is, your former Hochmeister declared independence, and absolved you of your oaths.  You were free men, you could've gone anywhere, been anyone.  But no - instead you want to resist Konrad's enlightenment.  You have brought war to this land, rebel scum, and now the Sadist is here to return it.  I'll tell my superiors you have turned down the terms.\"Without so much as a nod, the fellow turned and rode back towards the ranks.  Assuming he was not shot and killed or wounded, he relayed the information that prompted Dietrich to send his troops forward.A screen of crossbowmen, with four-hundred pikemen behind them, two-hundred pikemen reserves, and then the lancers and frei-korps.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "The Frei-Korp listened with disdain to what Von Helkis had to say.  His only job was to offer terms - terms which everyone in the Audrian army knew would be turned down.  'Formalities'.  He and his company were hired soldiers 'state-funded mercenaries' so to speak.  They had specific talents that put them beyond the measure of the ordinary soldier, and they were better off left to act on their own accord."}, "post-88091": {"user": "The Order", "user_num": 1842, "timestamp": "1546229096000", "message": "The Malleus Maleficarum didn't bother much to respond, the lad was full of shit justifying to himself why this all was right, and considering what was to happen it was a waste of breath to try a battle of monologues about who was better. The time for speech was over the moment the man turned down the offer of Helkis, unfortunately for the Korpsmann only Helkis was aware of that fact.Rapiers, sideswords, falchions, flambards; these elegant fuelling weapons were the main arms of the Witch Hunter's in close combat but von Helkis preferred a trusty hatchet first and foremost, and as the rider finished the last \"s\" of his speech his fingers gently wrapped around it. The moment he made movement to start turning his steed around he rolled to the side as though dodging a shot before throwing his axe right at the poor man's face; it probably wouldn't hit the intended target but it was a heavy enough thing to make a bloody mess wherever it hit. Indeed the roll was a calculated move too. Even though it was he who killed his counterpart, from afar to the soldiers of both sides it could easily look like he had dodged a dishonourable attempt on his life before justly retaliating. If there were doubts about this to the more keen eyed soldiers, the people fleeing the city most certainly seeing this from so far would see it how the Hunter intended it, and they would be first to the rumour mill....Yet there was no time to waste. He ran towards the horse and made to hop upon the steed, taking it for himself to return to his own lines.\u00a0\"The mad King's men said to surrender and face execution or all our families be dead! But when he tried to shoot me, he didn't quite like the fact I had a question to axe.\" it was a poor joke, but he didn't particularly care as he speeded onwards to his lines, passing them just as the formation locked up again.As the enemy advanced, Helkis now surveyed the scene of battle from horseback with a telescope, all the while writing notes for later day reference and historical archive.\u00a0\"Form!\"The first order was barked, and the men though mere levies moved quickly indeed; their wives, their children were on the line. On the flanks the men moved from pointing inwards the bow hunters on a birds eye view to pointing outwards to the enemy in a sort of wide V shape to make it so that even when in total outnumbered, the men would at a time be fighting a smaller enemy than their own number. Helkis smiled with some measure of confidence as in the periphery of his telescope's vision he saw the rustles in the fields he guessed to be his hidden men. If the encircling maneuver panned out, he might even get Dietrich as a prize and it would be oh so interesting to see how he reacted to his own methods....\u00a0", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "<div style=\"text-align:justify;\">The Malleus Maleficarum didn't bother much to respond, the lad was full of shit justifying to himself why this all was right, and considering what was to happen it was a waste of breath to try a battle of monologues about who was better. The time for speech was over the moment the man turned down the offer of Helkis, unfortunately for the Korpsmann only Helkis was aware of that fact.</div>"}, "post-88131": {"user": "Dietrich the Sadist", "user_num": 673, "timestamp": "1546359302000", "message": "Dietrich was standing up in his horse's stirrups, using a spyglass to examine the scene.  His Frei-Korps recruit was seemingly murdered by the rebel commander, Von Helkis!  Of course, there was some prior movement, and Dietrich - nor any of the Audrians for that matter - could really tell just what happened.  In any case, it was enough to anger the loyalists.The four-hundred pikemen were moving forward in a disciplined, well-formed pace, their matching uniforms a sight to see.  The sheer amount of training and attention these soldiers had received were far and beyond anything the Overworld had scene - it was a modernized army, and it looked the part.  Although they were outnumbered, the Audrians banked on the superior consistency, training, and weapons of their front line.  Their approach seemed to be targeting the center of the rebel force.Meanwhile, the Vessian crossbowmen who had been screening the army in a loose formation dissolved through the ranks and gathered on the flanks of the pikemen.  In a few short moments the rebels would not doubt let their arrows fly into the Audrian ranks.There was still the reserve of two-hundred pikemen.  The lancers and frei-korps were split into two groups behind the main army, along with Dietrich.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Dietrich was standing up in his horse's stirrups, using a spyglass to examine the scene.  His Frei-Korps recruit was seemingly murdered by the rebel commander, Von Helkis!  Of course, there was some prior movement, and Dietrich - nor any of the Audrians for that matter - could really tell just what happened.  In any case, it was enough to anger the loyalists."}, "post-88316": {"user": "The Order", "user_num": 1842, "timestamp": "1546913428000", "message": "Von Helkis examined the advancing foe, chewing on his lip idly. Outnumbered and outarmed, yes just like on the usual job. No matter, the situation was salvageable so long as he kept his wits about him. \"SCHNELL\"As one the militia spearmen placed their shields upon their backs, took up their spears and began to move back in a tactical retreat. The archers meanwhile let off precisely three volleys in quick succession with the front rank providing direct fire and trying to aim for direct hits, whereas the back rank fired in a higher arc. Then as the enemy crossbows were nearing range and the foe's spearmen came close to engaging they too ran back to the safety of their spearman ranks. They stopped, turned and fired another volley before quite\u00a0 reaching their comrades, before continuing on. It was clear that for now they going to be skirmishing, using the lighter armament of the rebel troops to help the men whittle down the royalist scum to a bone. So, their they would have to try to run down the hunters with their cavalry hence exposing them to spearmen and retaliatory volleys, or continue on being whittled down... or if Dietrich the sadist was true to his name, von Helkis reason that he might even go straight into the town. How interesting of a development that would be. Regardless, for now he just\u00a0 had to maintain control, so long as he was the one calling the order of battle things would be going smoothly, especially with his two hidden forces getting into an ever better position, all the while the men true to their fatherland began to sing........", "link_list": ["https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lnrcyTrIMA8"], "image_list": [], "html": "<div>Von Helkis examined the advancing foe, chewing on his lip idly. Outnumbered and outarmed, yes just like on the usual job. No matter, the situation was salvageable so long as he kept his wits about him. <br/></div>"}, "post-88566": {"user": "Dietrich the Sadist", "user_num": 673, "timestamp": "1547410721000", "message": "\"Cowards,\" Dietrich cursed to himself, seeing the enemy militia shamble and move back.  Konrad ordered his nearby trumpeter to issue a command, and with a series of notes new orders were given to the entire army - to skirmish.The enemy were allowed to retreat; the Audrian pike squares did not give pursuit, but instead pulled back in an orderly fashion.  The Vessian crossbowmen used the protection of their pavise shields, but the pikes did suffer some casualties by the arrow fire.  The 100 Freikorps surged ahead to challenge the enemy archers, using their crossbows to trade volleys while also utilizing a cantabrian circle strategy to evade the rebel retaliatory volleys.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "\"Cowards,\" Dietrich cursed to himself, seeing the enemy militia shamble and move back.  Konrad ordered his nearby trumpeter to issue a command, and with a series of notes new orders were given to the entire army - to skirmish."}, "post-88577": {"user": "The Naimon Company", "user_num": 3104, "timestamp": "1547443176000", "message": "Positioned in the woods was the Naimon company. They were positioned several\u00a0back meters into the trees, sending only a few scouts near the edge of the bush to observe when the perfect moment to emerge was, while the rest of the force remained hidden for the most part. In total there were about 400 men hidden in the trees, 200 hundred pikemen, 100 halberdiers, and 100 crossbowmen. The pikemen wore plate armor of high quality, the sort one would expect to find knights wearing. The armor was of a modern design too, made of thick, high-quality steel, and made with angular designs to deflect crossbow bolts. The halberdiers wore the same\u00a0armor, making the melee force of the Naimon Company walking tanks.The crossbowmen wore lighter armor, consisting of leather and chainmail, though they carried pavise shields to\u00a0defend against enemy\u00a0skirmishers. They also carried shortswords, as did the pikemen and halberdiers.\u00a0The formation was set up as so pointed towards the flank of the loyalists - There were 200 of the heavily armored pikemen making up the frontline. Just behind the front line, positioned at either flank were fifty halberdiers, ready to defend the pikemen from behind flanked. In between these two small units of halberdiers was a line of 100 crossbowmen, protected from the front by pikemen and the sides by halberdiers. Behind the crossbowmen, another line of pikemen in reserve, ready to engage any enemies attacking from behind, or assisting in the battle at the front if need be.The Naimon company would advance through the woods for now, attempting to flank the enemy forces before making their presence known.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Positioned in the woods was the Naimon company. They were positioned several\u00a0back meters into the trees, sending only a few scouts near the edge of the bush to observe when the perfect moment to emerge was, while the rest of the force remained hidden for the most part. In total there were about 400 men hidden in the trees, 200 hundred pikemen, 100 halberdiers, and 100 crossbowmen. The pikemen wore plate armor of high quality, the sort one would expect to find knights wearing. The armor was of a modern design too, made of thick, high-quality steel, and made with angular designs to deflect crossbow bolts. The halberdiers wore the same\u00a0armor, making the melee force of the Naimon Company walking tanks."}, "post-89399": {"user": "The Order", "user_num": 1842, "timestamp": "1551751718000", "message": "Karl laughed quietly to himself as Dietrich ordered has frontline to hold and pressed the vanguard. Assuming that the Naimon company was good for anything, then that meant the royalist dogs were falling right into his hands. Indeed, even if the mercenaries didn't peform well then there were always the Knights in the wood. Of course, they had to lead their horses through it on foot until they would get to the very edge, but the flank they would manage would be spectacular....Seeing the enemy riding in for volleys He pressed a whistle to his lips giving a few loud blows, the orders which the men promptly obliged. The spearmen with shields ran back closer to the hunters, who in turn ran towards their brethren. The front rank of spearmen kneeled, while those behind them uplifted their shields diagonally and vertically forming a quasi testudo formation to not let any arrows past, while the archers behind them would use their comrades as mobile cover to rain fire on foes, whilst minimizing the amount they took. At the same time, he said a prayer for the fallen hunstmen. They were close to their shielded brothers-in-arms who they ran to for protection, but at the same time many got caught in the initial volleys; if a crossbow could go past plate, then their peasant's garbs were nothing. ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "<div>Karl laughed quietly to himself as Dietrich ordered has frontline to hold and pressed the vanguard. Assuming that the Naimon company was good for anything, then that meant the royalist dogs were falling right into his hands. Indeed, even if the mercenaries didn't peform well then there were always the Knights in the wood. Of course, they had to lead their horses through it on foot until they would get to the very edge, but the flank they would manage would be spectacular....<br/></div>"}}