{"post-82304": {"user": "Arridia", "user_num": 3014, "timestamp": "1524801108000", "message": "ArridiaHistory:The tribal founders having grown tired of the ways of the City, seeking a more harmonious and natural lifestyle in the dunes, fought off the natives of the Arridi Desert, subsequently obtaining the hidden ruins and secrets of their new home. True to the name of the vast span of dunes it can found in, Arridia was established by the tribespeople. The next years were spent on the development of detailed charts and maps. Each depicting a painstakingly accurate representation of the undulating terrain and shimmering constellations. These same maps were later revised as three oases were discovered, subsequently leading to the overnight colonization and defense of the oases. With full control over the desert, along with a stable flow of resources, the Arridi looked away from the mainland and towards the open ocean. It was in these rolling waves that the Arridi first discovered the chain of islands often referred to as a collective; Lienid. The Ariddi settled upon the small islands bringing an end to an era of exploration. Arridia now found itself with unchallenged control over the Arridi Desert as well as the flourishing islands just off the coast. In this state of isolation it prevailed for many years. Presently the Arridi work to open themselves to the rest of the known world. Foreigners are now welcome, but not entirely entrusted to maps of the desert and what can be found within. Locations:Arridi Desert:-Orr-Sann-Khor-Abash-Miraji-Open Arridi DesertLienid:-Dymares-Amphyria-Oenaris-MantoliCommon Traits:The Arridi are a distrustful people, and often are shrouded in mystery, as they have shunned contact with others in the past. However, for all their distrust of others, the Arridi themselves are extremely trustworthy, believing that even a simple promise is equal to that of one tied in magic or blood. To this end the Arridi choose their words with great care and weight. When it comes to the desert, Arridi follow the Word of the Law, which states what one should do in the desert, such as leaving a man with water.Though they are indeed distrustful of others, their hospitality can be earned by those that they deem trustworthy and respectable. Their food is plain to see, but very rich with nutrients and flavor. Their drinks are surprisingly cool. This is mostly because of the process of making them; combining different desert fruits into a remarkably refreshing beverage that provides a false sense of cooling. Yet some drinks such as the traditional low-alcohol arikiki require other ingredients. This calm, respectable hospitality will be revealed to those who have the willpower to befriend the Arridi.An Arridi's skin is often browned by the desert sun, and their stature is short compared to others. Their body structure is less strong, but more lithe than most, built more for life of a light cavalryman than that of, say, a knight. Their height is relatively shorter than the average human, but one should not be surprised to find the occasional tall Arridi. Government:Arridia's government is run by the Wakir, a king of sorts, and two advisors, commonly referred to as Aseikhs. The Wakir's two advisors each control a key aspect of Arridia. One advisor, currently Erolith Faelen, helps manage foreign relations usually regarding diplomacy and trade. The other Umar Talud offers advice on subjects that concern the Arridi military. Currently the standing Wakir is Seley el'then, though this name is only used formally as it's pronunciation is complex. Therefore many refer to the Wakir as Selethen.Military:The Arridi military is based mostly upon horsemen, as large groups of infantry cannot cross the desert which makes up most of Arrida. All forces used by the Arridi are lightly armed and armored. They rely on agility and fast cuts and slashes, not brute force or power. The knight is non-existent in the Arridi military as their armor would be impossible to wear in the desert climate. Standard weapons used by the military vary from slender sabers to metal studded pikes. Combined with the unique breed of horses the Arridi ride, many fear the Arridi for their incredible calvary. Though the Ariddi also boast a large navy used to defend the nation's large coastal borders and also in the defense of Lienid. A sailor's equipment consists for the most part of a collection of iron weapons and bronze armor, which included a shield, spear, helmet, sword, breastplate and greaves among other pieces. Sailors were taught never to let their weapons out of arms length distance even when when sleeping or eating. The soldiers within the navy can often be identified by their shields which are often adorned with the paintings of myths and legends. Arridia's Navy is further supported by Arridi Fire. The highly flammable liquid is made of secret ingredients and used both in catapulted incendiary bombs and sprayed under pressure so as to launch flames at enemy ships and fortifications. It has also been used with success in defensive situations. The precise components of the liquid are a closely-guarded secret, given that the Wakir has entrusted no foreigner to its ingredients. Yet the Arridi Military also holds two groups of 20 soldiers, each specializing in a certain type of warfare. Of these the Bedullin are taught the well hidden practice of Shai-Hulud(Sandworm riding) along with Arridi magic. Shai-Hulud is complex and takes time to complete. First, a worm is lured by a Bedullin using foreign magic. When it surfaces, the lead Bedullin runs alongside it and snares one of its ring-segments with a special \"maker hook\". The hook is used to pry open the segment, exposing the soft inner tissue to the abrasive sand. To avoid irritation, the worm will rotate its body so that the exposed flesh faces upwards, carrying the rider with it. Other Bedullin may then plant additional hooks for steering, or act as \"beaters\", hitting the worm's tail to make it increase speed. A worm can be ridden for about half of a day, at which point it will become exhausted and sit on the open desert until the hooks are released, whereupon it will burrow back down to rest. Fremen on the other hand specialize in naval reconnaissance and stealth, but are also entrusted with the production of Arridi Fire. This process is dangerous and has lead to the unnecessary death of many of the elite Fremen.To these ends, many consider the Arridi Military an effective fighting force, that prevails due to it's emphasis on strict organization and complex tactics.Sandworms:Sandworms are cylindrical, segmented, worm-like creatures with a fearsome array of crystalline teeth that are used primarily for rasping rocks and sand. Sandworms grow to hundreds of meters in length, with specimens observed over 400 metres long and 40 metres (130 ft) in diameter, although ancient Arridi texts describe a worm that appeared to be around half a league or more in length. These gigantic worms burrow deep in the ground and travel swiftly To escape the notice of the Sandworms, a traveller in the desert must learn to \u201cwalk without rhythm\", as Sandworms mistake any rhythmic vibrations in the sand for prey. In addition, the worms are attracted to and maddened by, the presence of foreign magic, and as a result the Arridi have developed a derivative from common magic, that mimics the natural vibrations of the dunes. Sandworms are also known as Shai, or Maker in common tongue, by the Arridi and Fremen/Bedullin. The Fremen/Bedullin are a select group of Arridi, chosen by the Wakir himself, to be taught the secret art of Sandworm riding, known commonly as Shai-Hulud in Arridia.A fantastic byproduct of the Sandworms existence is Kafay, one that the Arridi have capitalized upon. Sandworms sustain the growth of kafay along the ridges of their cylindrical silhouettes, a place in which Fremen/Bedullin can harvest the small grounds. When properly processed, the finished product is a smooth, flavor rich coffee. Unlike most coffee, Kafay is naturally cool and a small glass can sustain one's thirst for several days. Due to its unique properties, Arridi consume it on a regular basis, leading to the discoloration of their corona. Kafay permanently bleaches the corona of a regular user to an icy blue. ", "link_list": ["http://thefantasysandbox.boards.net/thread/3494/miraji?page=1&scrollTo=90870", "http://thefantasysandbox.boards.net/thread/3212/open-arridi-desert"], "image_list": [], "html": "<div style=\"text-align:center;\"><span style=\"font-size:-webkit-xxx-large;\">Arridia</span><br/></div>"}}