{"post-35004": {"user": "Kyngestone the Mimic", "user_num": 1442, "timestamp": "1461660575000", "message": "In the fringes of a forest near a small town, there seems to be a strange dumping ground of objects. Just off of the centre sits an ornate chest, stacked haphazardly on several fraying rugs. Around it, fan objects of varying size and great disrepair. There's a turned-over cart to the north, spilling ruined wares onto the ground, which seems to have been trampled on. There's a dead horse at the fore of it, looking suspiciously gnawed on, but abandoned. There are no people in sight, suspiciously. One would expect to see at least some form of dead body, judging by the size of a struggle that seems to have happened. Overturned barrels lay on the west side of the rugs and chest, one weeping cheap wine slowly into the mud from being wrought in two uneven pieces. The dust in the clearing is churned up, and although settled, the smell of freshly-disturbed earth is strong. There's a lot of mystery about this scenario, but one thing's for certain: something has happened.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "In the fringes of a forest near a small town, there seems to be a strange dumping ground of objects. Just off of the centre sits an ornate chest, stacked haphazardly on several fraying rugs. Around it, fan objects of varying size and great disrepair. There's a turned-over cart to the north, spilling ruined wares onto the ground, which seems to have been trampled on. There's a dead horse at the fore of it, looking suspiciously gnawed on, but abandoned. "}, "post-35007": {"user": "Attla, the Conniving", "user_num": 1225, "timestamp": "1461662151000", "message": "Attla has traveled far - moving down from Gemstone Cave. Following the road, Attla knew a small town would be nearby, spoken from previous experiences. However, he knew he had no coin, so going into town in this late-afternoon would surely result in nothing of interest, he also reckoned this town, like most towns, would not take too kindly to beggars. Frustrated in his lack of options, Attla decided to try to find a small clearing, where he could recuperate for nightfall, which would happen in a matter of hours.The article of interest for Attla was this clearing. What was most intriguing about this clearing, was the prescence of a rather large chest, surrounded by junk. Attla's money-hoarding mindset kicked in, with the force of a horse. He needed whatever was inside of the chest and he needed it now. He could perhaps find lodgings if he had this money, and perhaps maybe be able to bring whatever is in the chest back to Isra. Attla hobbled over to the chest, and planted a his staff on the nearby rugs, with a resounding thud. He peered in closer to the chest. It was locked. Oh golly. \u00a0He was also fresh out of lockpicks. He huffed, sitting down on the chest, arms crossed. He could probably sell the chest itself, maybe that would grab him some coin.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Attla has traveled far - moving down from Gemstone Cave. Following the road, Attla knew a small town would be nearby, spoken from previous experiences. However, he knew he had no coin, so going into town in this late-afternoon would surely result in nothing of interest, he also reckoned this town, like most towns, would not take too kindly to beggars. Frustrated in his lack of options, Attla decided to try to find a small clearing, where he could recuperate for nightfall, which would happen in a matter of hours."}, "post-35008": {"user": "Kyngestone the Mimic", "user_num": 1442, "timestamp": "1461662607000", "message": "Kyngestone lies in wait. The day had extended to hours, but he's patient. Someone would come along sometime - that was a given. So he remains tranquil, the innocently-set gem in the forest fringes that looks like a bandit raid on a caravan. But he'd missed crucial details, hadn't he? Why wouldn't they make off with the goods here? There is no response as the skinny, crooked man plants his staff, and drops himself onto the chest. Kyngestone waits for several quiet minutes before daring to make telepathic contact. That way it would be difficult to determine the source.Who are you, traveler? Kyngestone asks, mental projection cool and collected,\u00a0Why do you choose this clearing for rest?", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Kyngestone lies in wait. The day had extended to hours, but he's patient. Someone would come along sometime - that was a given. So he remains tranquil, the innocently-set gem in the forest fringes that looks like a bandit raid on a caravan. But he'd missed crucial details, hadn't he? Why wouldn't they make off with the goods here? There is no response as the skinny, crooked man plants his staff, and drops himself onto the chest. Kyngestone waits for several quiet minutes before daring to make telepathic contact. That way it would be difficult to determine the source."}, "post-35009": {"user": "Attla, the Conniving", "user_num": 1225, "timestamp": "1461663503000", "message": "He waited for minutes on end, without seeing anything. It was good - looked as if whoever had created this ruckus was to not come back. Anyhow, if they did, he could make a quick, darting escape via his spells. He felt immensely secure, knowing if anyone where to sneak up on him he would be able to quickly and efficiently react. His face was stricken by a smirk, of acknowledgement that he owned this chest and all of it's valuables inside. All he needed to do is move the chest back to the Inferno Assembly.Just as he was comfortable, he was jolted by a sudden on-rush of telepathy. But where could it have came from? He had no way of discerning this. The coolness of the voice was reassuring, but Attla knew a voice of that nature most belong to a powerful Mage, or a dragon of some sort, something you may expect from a wise or ancient creature. He desperately searched the nearby area, wondering if this speaker is to be hidden somewhere nearby.\u00a0His searching was of no use - he had gained no more insight into the situation than a few moments ago. He decided to address the beast, or whatever it is, openly and politely. Most powerful beings typically would not strike down a well-spoken fellow, or at least he believed so. So he played it as if he were just a traveller down on his luck, openly lying to the creature.\"I am just a poor fellow, it is but coincidence that I retired to this clearing - it is of no deliberate act I took to this place.\"He was very much sure his presented act was believable. He was no 'poor' fellow, but he sure appeared as if he were.He fired back a question of his, in a diplomatic tone. He must know where or what this peculiarity is, so he may formulate an escape route, if things are ever to go the wrong way.\"So, who and what are you?\"\"Please excuse my directness.\"", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "He waited for minutes on end, without seeing anything. It was good - looked as if whoever had created this ruckus was to not come back. Anyhow, if they did, he could make a quick, darting escape via his spells. He felt immensely secure, knowing if anyone where to sneak up on him he would be able to quickly and efficiently react. His face was stricken by a smirk, of acknowledgement that he owned this chest and all of it's valuables inside. All he needed to do is move the chest back to the Inferno Assembly."}, "post-35010": {"user": "Kyngestone the Mimic", "user_num": 1442, "timestamp": "1461664767000", "message": "The mental connection flickered with a light sense of amusement as Kyngestone registered the man's surprise. Nothing in the clearing moves, giving no indication the owner of the mind-voice was nearby. Poor fellow you are, claiming the chest for yourself, Kyngestone observes. Greed can be many a man's undoing. His tone is mild still - not accusatory. The wind rustles through the trees, and stirs the loose earth around Attla. There's silence at the straightforward retort. Directness indeed. But you still haven't given me a proper answer, traveler. Kyngestone responded smoothly, I don't think it fair I have to give up my identify first. A pointed pause, and his addition touches on mocking. Please excuse my suspicion. ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "The mental connection flickered with a light sense of amusement as Kyngestone registered the man's surprise. Nothing in the clearing moves, giving no indication the owner of the mind-voice was nearby. "}, "post-35171": {"user": "Attla, the Conniving", "user_num": 1225, "timestamp": "1461758502000", "message": "\"But tell me, why must I give up my title first? I would gain nothing from it. You would be the better man in that situation.\" He responded, sharply, with a jovial tone. Playing with fire was an interesting game - he would duel this creature with a silver tongue. Attla did not believe the concept of greed, for it was merely a way for a person to complain about their missed chances in life. If it caused him death - what would be of it? A quick death is most preferable over a long misery-ridden life of fear. Adrenalin was the fuel of life, of the soul.\"As far as we know, I am a poor, greedy man, and you are a strange beast. Why must we have to know our identities? Our minds are the greatest tool, the greatest asset. Surely as a man such as you, you would appreciate I do not matter, but my mind does instead. My intellect is my power, as it should be.\"He knew of his plight, but Attla believed he could play such a thing, like a harp. His musician fingers could direct the conversation in a manner only a man of words could do upon a paper, a poem. He waited patiently for the response, reaching for his bag, searching for a block of bread, and hard cheese. His hunger had begun and it was a terrible beast, crying out for satiation.If it were to be a long night, he would at least have someone to talk to.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "\"But tell me, why must I give up my title first? I would gain nothing from it. You would be the better man in that situation.\" He responded, sharply, with a jovial tone. Playing with fire was an interesting game - he would duel this creature with a silver tongue. Attla did not believe the concept of greed, for it was merely a way for a person to complain about their missed chances in life. If it caused him death - what would be of it? A quick death is most preferable over a long misery-ridden life of fear. Adrenalin was the fuel of life, of the soul."}, "post-36377": {"user": "Kyngestone the Mimic", "user_num": 1442, "timestamp": "1462448010000", "message": "Many a silvered tongue was useless against the jaws of death, and Kyngestone was beginning to find himself irritated by the human's insistence. The mimic is silent, Strange beast? You wound me. the creature sighs (if such a thing were possible through mental projection), Very well, you've made your case. I am Kyngestone. There didn't need to be any other information, because there simply wasn't any the stooped man needed to be privy to. And now I'm the better... man, you owe me the same courtesy. He lets that linger for a moment, Vexing me is a fool's course of action, traveler.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Many a silvered tongue was useless against the jaws of death, and Kyngestone was beginning to find himself irritated by the human's insistence. The mimic is silent, "}, "post-36451": {"user": "Attla, the Conniving", "user_num": 1225, "timestamp": "1462485385000", "message": "\"I am Attla.\" He answered politely, to the beast. Politeness was essential, it gave you so many more opportunities to persuade people; in this situation to not eat him. Attla took on an edge of cordiality, as he spoke from this point. He enjoyed the beast's company, and as they knew eachother by name, his stiffness had evaporated.Kyngestone was a peculiar name, he thought. It was far more human, it did not sound fitting to the voice.\u00a0\"Might I ask what are you?\". He was of utmost confusion about what thing is, still. It worried him to be uncertain, to be left in the dark, for that would mean he would not be able to plan ahead. He knew it wern't to be 'a beast' by its standards, therefore it must be humanoid to an extent. Dragons would have a more serious reaction, he believed to that and besides, he sounded distinctly different to how dragon's are supposed to sound. Therefore it leaves three options: A human, a very smart troll, or a mimic. He was banking on the first one.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "\"I am Attla.\" He answered politely, to the beast. Politeness was essential, it gave you so many more opportunities to persuade people; in this situation to not eat him. Attla took on an edge of cordiality, as he spoke from this point. He enjoyed the beast's company, and as they knew eachother by name, his stiffness had evaporated."}}