{"post-75255": {"user": null, "user_num": null, "timestamp": "1510503680000", "message": "Rather than making a number of accounts to address each individual that holds place in Airedale (and to also fill a void by one lost character) I've opted to make a page with a generalization of individuals who are known and likely to be known and seen in Stathmore.Lucile Amberly FredericaHigh Lady of Airedale, A.K.A. The Mistress of AiredaleShe holds a seat in the Covenant that sits at the crown of the aristocracy of Airedale, and lives in Aire Manor. Her father was the now deceased Lord Alexander Maximilien Frederica.Primrose(sorry it's so small - I couldn't find the image)While not part of the Covenant, her name and her presence is one already becoming very well known by those that see her. She is the High Lady's precious pet, something kept very different compared to most of her known pets. When the girl is around, people give her just as much a wide berth as her keeper, and heaven help those that actually look to touch her or even get close. Lucile's wrath is renowned in regards to the keeping of the girl.Lord Aleister CrowleyHe holds a seat in the Covenant, and resides in the Dark Matter Spire. He's well known for his powerful necromancy, his deranged tastes in disfigurement of those revived to a new \"beauty\", and his teaching at the tower in the notorious warlocks that come from the tower. As to WHAT he is exactly, despite looking relatively human... no one is really sure. He has a twin sister, Chataya Crowley, who has vanished into a quiet retirement somewhere only known to the two of them.Smith of Dragon ForgeHe goes by the name of Bull, despite the irony of being a Minotaur. He stands easily at 9'+, rippling with muscle from his race and his craft at the forge, with old worn tattoos of no particular design where there is no fur over his arms. There are a number of rings on his body, likely for just decoration, and this creature is notorious for his violent temper - which has landed him in jail no less than 5 times. He doesn't like head games or idle chatter, rather being straight to the point.The WardenThe new Warden of Airedale's prison, and Bestial Trainer of Airedale's animal forces and pets - Nessoria. There are whispers of a story that she crawled up from a deep cave system somewhere in Stathmore, hailing at the city gates with a hundred Hellhounds lashed with spider thread leashes - that she offered to the Covenant as a gift in friendship. Whether this is true or not remains to be seen. But she did arrive to relieve Chataya of her position, taking over the facility and the former Warden's precious collection of exotic pets. Despite the change in ownership, it seems the broken limits of cruelty and perversion still seem well in place. She also holds an official seat in the Covenant.The WardogChief Commander of the Airedale military, Armadyl Bloodpelt. A werewolf opted to his feral form for the rest of his years, and very much sentient and competent with a place in the Covenant. Though his temper is nothing compared to the forge-master of Dragon Forge, he still doesn't take for much chatter or maintain much for patience. He is aggressive and gruff, blunt and truthful and not afraid to voice his thoughts. To see a smile on his face is a terrifying thing, and not just for the teeth he shows. He only smiles in sadistic blood lust, or on the battlefield. He stands easily at 8 feet tall, always adorn in armor - leather for casual, metal for war.Lady of the ArenaThough not a part of the Covenant, Caelloris is still deemed higher up in the aristocracy compared to the middle class - right up in the backside of the circle, so to speak. Despite being a harpy, she has mostly abandoned the baser instincts of her kin and learned to speak - though the broken Common is something to be expected. And she is responsible for most of the entertainment aspect within Airedale, overseeing the battle arena in the eastern side of the city, as well as quietly running a shaded part inside Airedale known to be a red light district - namely a brothel tucked away in the heart of it.The HeadmistressSabina Aurelia Ardelean holds a seat in the Covenant. She is known as the Headmistress by her pupils, the current and the past students alike. She is responsible for the basic education and colleges for refining skills. Her race is one called Balkekin, which gives her a cross appearance of a standing human with most features of a bat. They are actually quite docile creatures, despite their appearance, and she is no exception. Through limitless patience she and her sons possess, they make for excellent teachers - and she happily settles to this role with little difficulty. Though she doesn't possess a vicious taste towards humans like most of Stathmore, she loathes them like one would common pestilence.The Trade OverseerAnother member of the Covenant. Though despite being of the aristocracy, Elinlia isn't seen too often in lavish attire. In fact, she's not seen too often in general. But when she is, it's in the marketplace. Or on the roads. Or on ships. Namely, anywhere that there is trade and commerce. She is fascinated with exchanging goods, and also a tax collector on behalf of the aristocracy. She even goes so far as to attempt making connections with creatures in, what is considered, \"feral tribes\". Through her years, she can speak a number of languages as a result of her travels. Also, with her physical stance, it makes it much easier for someone like her to check in and manage the mining prison in the mountains up north - and ensuring the ores go where they are owed or needed. Due to this, she is likely the most tolerant in regards to humans.The Feral WaterlordAnother member of the Covenant, but only just so. Cyraeneus is just shy of sentient, and thus he is vicious and unpredictable at the best of times. He speaks for the merfolk, a race in Helmfirth that is usually very devious and deadly to anyone or anything that comes near their waters... and where their territory ends and begins is just as fluxing as the tide. Despite his nature, he does hold authority and makes use of his connection and power with the waters. His people \"guard\" the main river that divides the bog and the forests, and he is responsible for the man made rivers that fuel the farms and run where they are wanted. It is with his aid that the seas are less destructive on the northern shores and are manned however deemed fit rather than strictly at Nature's mercy. Though sometimes one wonders if his fury is worse...Lord Alexander Maximilien Frederica(deceased)Founder of Airedale and the aristocratic CovenantHis name is something every man, woman and child - human or not - knows well in Stathmore. It's even known by a few elders in Erstonia. He was a powerful and ambition man, known to go hand to hand with a beast to rip it's jaw completely from it's head with sheer force. He was even more deadly with his weapon - a two handed greatsword that was narrow in make but heavy and sharp. There are countless stories of this man's feats, the most known being when he was swallowed whole by a massive basilisk - and then his sword point could be seen thrusting right out of the belly, and trailing up the long neck of the beast as it screamed and thrashed. When it finally lay still, jaws agape, the man walked right out and let his weapon cleave that lower jaw in half upon his exit. He used the large fangs of the beast to adorn his seat in the Covenant chamber when he brought the first circle of vampires together.It was a union to fight back against the humans that were constantly hunting down and picking them off one by one, and it eventually became apparent that anything that wasn't human was also being hunted. This slowly brought in those of a like mind, of a common goal - to fight back. Soon there was a village of non-humans, carefully working together to try and become something greater to stand up against the humans. They grew in numbers, and attacked at night when man slept and they were strongest. Despite the odds in numbers, they were slowly whittling them down.The story of Lucile's coming is one most people of old know. It was another attack, another raid, another pillage. He was somewhere past 200 years. Yet, despite this being like any other night Alexander saw something different in a young farm girl he came across. He stole her away back to their village and took her for himself for some time to come. Within a couple of years, he gave her the life of a vampire when she was 20\u00a0 - tasting her blood and giving her his own. And began to train her, groom her, to take over. To lead his people to a better life, away from the monster that was man.His life was cut short years later, at an age after about 250 years of age. It was a massive battle of man and beast - and the vampire was taken down by a group in an ambush. They hit him hard and fast, showing no mercy in slicing into his flesh and lopping off limbs to keep him from fighting back. Lucile was there, and had been captured and bound. Any that still walk to this day could tell of the terrible screaming as she saw the man she came to know as her father being hacked to pieces until he ceased to move. She was taken away and tormented like an animal, in a cage.What happened next, months later, was something that Lucile could only try to recall, but no one from Airedale could confirm. All that was known for sure was that the current High Lady limped out from the trees of the bog and to the recovering village, struggling to breathe through broken bones and traumatic blood loss - but dying to fight back and make every human pay.Lord Alexander Maximilien Frederica. Founder of Airedale and the aristocratic Covenant", "link_list": ["http://thefantasysandbox.boards.net/user/2403", "http://thefantasysandbox.boards.net/user/2403", "http://thefantasysandbox.boards.net/user/2398", "http://thefantasysandbox.boards.net/user/2271", "http://thefantasysandbox.boards.net/thread/2743/uptown-dragon-forge", "http://thefantasysandbox.boards.net/thread/2743/uptown-dragon-forge", "http://thefantasysandbox.boards.net/thread/2742/prison-slave-training-facility", "http://thefantasysandbox.boards.net/thread/2751/private-collection-mythical-creatures"], "image_list": ["https://i.imgur.com/UaTou00.jpg", "http://storage.proboards.com/6046952/avatar/mPuMSFMwjwsbBStwDZPm.jpg", "http://i.imgur.com/cSmzSTH.jpg", "https://i.imgur.com/0PdWUee.jpg", "https://i.imgur.com/OzG6roj.jpg", "https://i.imgur.com/eRBQdK6.jpg", "https://i.imgur.com/QhMi13B.jpg", "https://i.imgur.com/HbjDTON.jpg", "https://i.imgur.com/LbZLpFT.jpg", "https://i.imgur.com/tkgUzrg.jpg", "https://i.imgur.com/s0FIdkz.jpg"], "html": "Rather than making a number of accounts to address each individual that holds place in Airedale (and to also fill a void by one lost character) I've opted to make a page with a generalization of individuals who are known and likely to be known and seen in Stathmore."}}