{"post-40709": {"user": "Lamina Manira", "user_num": 157, "timestamp": "1465411618000", "message": "It was to be a few short hours after the tournament, and Lamina would meet Rose in one of the many practice rooms in the coliseum's subterranean complex. Here, wards were provided regularly with the same spellwork that protects the combatants of a grand tournament, allowing for practice with all sorts of weapons with a minimal chance of lethal accidents, all with reliable scoring.Rose would find that she was already there, waiting for him, pacing along the back wall of the sparring room...", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "It was to be a few short hours after the tournament, and Lamina would meet Rose in one of the many practice rooms in the coliseum's subterranean complex. Here, wards were provided regularly with the same spellwork that protects the combatants of a grand tournament, allowing for practice with all sorts of weapons with a minimal chance of lethal accidents, all with reliable scoring."}, "post-40759": {"user": "Rose Merosiky", "user_num": 1549, "timestamp": "1465438579000", "message": "(Your post is cheating. Shame on you for making me have to describe the setting!*fingerwag*. I figured since you didn't give more details, I would fill in the dots the best I could. If you don't like it, I will change my post.)Rose eventually arrived, coming in twenty minutes late. Lamina was the first and only female he had ever spoke to that was near his age. He remembered what his mother said about apologizing to a female; candy or flowers. He was worried she would be upset at him for being late to the agreed meeting time, so he grabbed her flowers from a local candy shop outside the stadium. In his bag, with the little bit of money he had, bought her some taffy and gumdrops. The small pouch of candy was the size of a baseball, if not a little smaller.When he entered the room and looked at Lamina who was pacing along the back wall, he thought to himself, \"Dear god, she is already upset. I better give her this quick.\"Rose would place his hands on his sides and give a half bow to Lamina, \"I apologize for my tardiness. I got lost in the city... It is nothing like the Azoni Valley.\"When he stood back up he tossed Lamina the candy pouch, \"Does this make us even for me being late for our bout?\"Rose stood before Lamina, estimating about five meters between them. The room had no breeze to cool them, but no Sun to heat them; there was no crowd to disturb their attention, which also means slip-ups will be minimal and possibly critical. All that stood in the Sparring Room was two teenagers who knew combat as their way of life and were here to have fun with no special strings attached to benefit either combatant.The magical light that lit the Sparring Room was marvelous, as if it was bright as day in the room. In this light, Rose's fluorescent white hair had a slight glow to it that was eyecatching. His silver eyes had their own shine in the magical light, reflecting like shiny dimes at times. His light skin and pale red lips on his face seemed more lively under this light, much different than it would under normal Sunlight.Rose stood about 5'8\" tall and had a very athletic build to him. His body was garbed in a spandex armor that looked like leather that connected armor plating around his body, covering and warping around every muscle. The armor was a medium armor that allowed freedom of movement by mocking his bodies muscles design. On his back was a pole made of solid steel that had a 1.5\" diameter and was currently broke down into two separate pieces that were tied together. On his outer thighs was what looked like decoration, but was a pair of gloves that were easily accessible and contained two blades on each of them that were hidden within the gloves like a sheath when carrying them.Rose did not draw his weapon yet, not wanting to jump straight into the spar. He didn't know what to expect, but he wanted to possibly say a few words and get to know his opponent. He prayed the candy would suffice and stop her pacing.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "(Your post is cheating. Shame on you for making me have to describe the setting!*fingerwag*. I figured since you didn't give more details, I would fill in the dots the best I could. If you don't like it, I will change my post.)"}, "post-40836": {"user": "Lamina Manira", "user_num": 157, "timestamp": "1465516442000", "message": "(What...? I.. cheated? ._. )Lamina caught the pouch, unsure of what was inside... though upon quick inspection she gave him a nod.\"Okay... we're even.\"The girl herself came with everything, having to literally carry her post-tournament equipment into the sparring room. Laying up against a corner was her jumonji yari and mortuary sword... \u00a0To each of her small hips was bound a hooksword by their tasseled hilts, hanging from a thin black cord of twine that she had hastily wrapped around her petite waist. The blades shone in the artificial light, sharp and free, hanging daringly alongside her unarmored legs.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "(What...? I.. cheated? ._. )"}, "post-40861": {"user": "Rose Merosiky", "user_num": 1549, "timestamp": "1465530712000", "message": "(It's okay, I won't tell. lol I was just trying to be lazy and get out of writing the setting and ending up taking first introductions.)\"I guess you've been waiting long enough to do this. I won't go easy just because you're a girl, I watched you fight in the tournament.\" Rose spoke in a calm voice as he locked his eyes on Lamina's. Rose slid back three meters to place a larger distance between the two as he reached for the weapon he would start with. His right hand would reach over his right shoulder to grab hold of the pole pieces. Rose's right foot would slide forward eight inches and his the toe of his boot pointed outwards. His left foot would slide at an angle behind him and also point the toe of his boot outwards. When his feet were in place, Rose opened his right hand to release half of the pole. As his hand opened, he gave a quick jerk and wrapped his thumb partially around one of the poles.  With this action, the second half of the pole shot downwards till a click was heard and the two formed on pole. Rose took his hands and moved them to where the poles connected and gave a twist that released two more clicks and the poles interlocked to form a five foot solid steel pole. After the pole was complete, he turned the pole to a horizontal position with his hands in the middle of it. He would moved this pole to his right side as he squatted down eight inches. With his knees bent now, his left elbow was pointed towards Lamina, his right elbow pointed behind him, and one end of the steel pole directed straight at Lamina. He could see her weapons and he needed to take a stance that was able to be aggressive or defensive.\"Why do you like to fight? You're a teenager and a girl.\" Rose spoke in an inquisitive voice while his eyes remained locked on hers.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "(It's okay, I won't tell. lol I was just trying to be lazy and get out of writing the setting and ending up taking first introductions.)"}, "post-40935": {"user": "Lamina Manira", "user_num": 157, "timestamp": "1465619402000", "message": "You're a teenager and a girl.\"Hmph...\"She glared at him, those emerald irises narrowing in a piercing leer as she reached for the hilts of her blades.\"It's just... how I know how to make a living.\"The colored metal bangles around her bare wrists tinkled together with the casual flicks of her hands that tore her hookswords free of their twine moorings with a pair of snaps.  Either blade, expertly carbonized and polished steel, rose to hover horizontally, the right before her chest and the left before her naval. Her right leg slid to the fore, her footing only slightly wider than shoulder width.\"Well... ready?\"", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "<i>You're a teenager and a girl.</i>"}, "post-41035": {"user": "Rose Merosiky", "user_num": 1549, "timestamp": "1465707153000", "message": "\"Don't stare at me like that! No magic allowed!\" Rose chimed as she leered at him, offering a little smile after saying it, \"At least you're good at it. I don't know if I am as good as you, but we will find out. Maybe I can make some money for fighting after this.\" Rose made no movements, his form standing still like a statue. Rose wanted Lamina to make the first move. He personally did not like looking at the hookswords, so he preferred moving around them rather than the swords moving around his rod. He took in the first seconds to contemplate how he would welcome her. Rose began to move his fingers, twirling the rod between them. As the speed progressed, his entire hands would be used to spin the rod and control it. The pole spun on his right side like a helicopter. This was only the beginning of what movements were to come.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "\"Don't stare at me like that! No magic allowed!\" Rose chimed as she leered at him, offering a little smile after saying it, \"At least you're good at it. I don't know if I am as good as you, but we will find out. Maybe I can make some money for fighting after this.\" "}, "post-41082": {"user": "Lamina Manira", "user_num": 157, "timestamp": "1465768974000", "message": "To this she had no verbal response. A slight exhale, akin to a sigh, and she seemed to settle into a state of stoic equinamity. A sort of slow, thoughtful and predatory circling began, as her soft footsteps arced her counterclockwise around his left flank, maintaining her distance and her weapons' stance... it appeared to be a waiting game, a test of patience and temperament. The girl continued to glare in his direction, contemplative of his every move....", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "To this she had no verbal response. A slight exhale, akin to a sigh, and she seemed to settle into a state of stoic equinamity. A sort of slow, thoughtful and predatory circling began, as her soft footsteps arced her counterclockwise around his left flank, maintaining her distance and her weapons' stance... it appeared to be a waiting game, a test of patience and temperament. The girl continued to glare in his direction, contemplative of his every move...."}, "post-42039": {"user": "Rose Merosiky", "user_num": 1549, "timestamp": "1466559800000", "message": "Rose followed Lamina's circling motion, pivoting on the ball of his right foot, gliding his left foot across the ground behind him as he moved. He kept his left side angled towards Lamina. He made no motion to move forward, as he continued to spin his pole. After warming up his hands, Rose brought the pole to stop by locking it under his right arm. He let one foot of the pole rise behind his shoulder while the rest was aimed towards the ground at a 75 degree angle. Rose slid his right hand gripped the pole inches in front of his armpit while the left hand wrapped over the top of the pole 1.5' in front of his right hand. His hands and arms were warmed up and he could manipulate the pole much easier now. All he could do is wait for Lamina to approach him unless he rethought his strategy at some point.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Rose followed Lamina's circling motion, pivoting on the ball of his right foot, gliding his left foot across the ground behind him as he moved. He kept his left side angled towards Lamina. He made no motion to move forward, as he continued to spin his pole. After warming up his hands, Rose brought the pole to stop by locking it under his right arm. He let one foot of the pole rise behind his shoulder while the rest was aimed towards the ground at a 75 degree angle. "}, "post-43321": {"user": "Lamina Manira", "user_num": 157, "timestamp": "1467744220000", "message": "For a moment she circled, before stepping in quickly to close the gap between the two. Landing with her right foot to the fore, the same arm swung its hooked blade in a horizontal arc to Rose's left shoulder, the girl leaning forward to catch her opponent by the upper end of her weapon from a couple paces away.\"Ha!\"", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "For a moment she circled, before stepping in quickly to close the gap between the two. Landing with her right foot to the fore, the same arm swung its hooked blade in a horizontal arc to Rose's left shoulder, the girl leaning forward to catch her opponent by the upper end of her weapon from a couple paces away."}, "post-43370": {"user": "Rose Merosiky", "user_num": 1549, "timestamp": "1467775195000", "message": "Rose was quick to respond as Lamina moved inwards. As she moved in, he reacted with his own space closing movement. His left knee slightly bent as he right foot popped off the ground, pulling his left side away from Lamina it lowered two or three inches. AS his right side came around, so would his metal staff. The tip closest to the ground raised upwards and forward at the same time. The intention was to strike at Lamina's Solarplexis with a snap-attack by releasing the pressure in his bent right arm while using the left hand to control the rod. As quick as the staff was released in attack, it was jerked backwards. That attack itself was not a finishing attack, but it sure could knock the wind out of Lamina even if it missed the target and found her gut. Should it become deflected, the weapon would be retracted upon contact. As the attack was jerked back, his right foot started moving away from Lamina again to place his left side towards her. When the right foot was almost on the ground, Rose pushed off the ground with his left foot to create a range again and reset the fight to pre-attack.This time Rose would do the circling if she didn't chase after him. He'd keep the tip of his staff to the ground and his left side towards her. He didn't move fast enough to break a sweat, but fast enough to keep her from standing still. He still wasn't sure about playing an aggressive game, but he could think about it while he did his rounds.(Edited because I misspelled something. 11:21 PM w/e my time is here.))", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Rose was quick to respond as Lamina moved inwards. As she moved in, he reacted with his own space closing movement. His left knee slightly bent as he right foot popped off the ground, pulling his left side away from Lamina it lowered two or three inches. AS his right side came around, so would his metal staff. The tip closest to the ground raised upwards and forward at the same time. The intention was to strike at Lamina's Solarplexis with a snap-attack by releasing the pressure in his bent right arm while using the left hand to control the rod. "}}