{"post-41532": {"user": "Aegon", "user_num": 439, "timestamp": "1466102914000", "message": "Aegon stood on a hill outside the city. All around him the soldiers of Aaedan stood in formation, what banners they had held with pride toward the city. Aegon had been building magic for hours, his skin crackled with it, his robes billowed around him as if there were a fierce storm appearing as an ethereal cloud swirling around him. His eyes shone pure white, a glow shone from inside his body when ever he opened his mouth. Even his hair was crackling with magic, nearly standing on end and flowing about similarly to his robes; it revealed his elven ears. He continued to build magic as the rest of Aaedan's surviving populace arrived along with any guests who wished to witness the funeral. ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Aegon stood on a hill outside the city. All around him the soldiers of Aaedan stood in formation, what banners they had held with pride toward the city. "}, "post-41536": {"user": "Lord Tristian Seryl", "user_num": 1222, "timestamp": "1466105643000", "message": "It had been a spur of the moment decision to go to the funeral; Xel'rath had been keeping an eye on the area and alerted him to the fact that something big was about to happen. Feeling the need to be present, to offer his condolences, pay his respects to those lost in this senseless tragedy, he'd quickly adjusted the calibrations of the teleportation room within the Black Tower and sent himself here. Well, to the fortifications which had been erected against the undead, actually, and then he'd walked here. And it seemed he was just in time. Standing toward the middle of the crowd, he had a fairly good view of what was going on, could see the mage literally glowing with the power of magic. He wondered what this man was doing, but he remained silent, his brown eyes watching everything thoughtfully. Perhaps he would pay his respects to the Queen before he left. No. It would probably be better to wait for her to come to Isra. Yes, that was best. He would not, however, miss this ceremony. It was the least he could do.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "<font face=\"times\">It had been a spur of the moment decision to go to the funeral; Xel'rath had been keeping an eye on the area and alerted him to the fact that something big was about to happen. Feeling the need to be present, to offer his condolences, pay his respects to those lost in this senseless tragedy, he'd quickly adjusted the calibrations of the teleportation room within the Black Tower and sent himself here. Well, to the fortifications which had been erected against the undead, actually, and then he'd walked here. And it seemed he was just in time. Standing toward the middle of the crowd, he had a fairly good view of what was going on, could see the mage literally glowing with the power of magic. He wondered what this man was doing, but he remained silent, his brown eyes watching everything thoughtfully. Perhaps he would pay his respects to the Queen before he left. No. It would probably be better to wait for her to come to Isra. Yes, that was best. He would not, however, miss this ceremony. It was the least he could do.<font color=\"003399\"></font></font>"}, "post-41623": {"user": "Land Tillers' State", "user_num": 341, "timestamp": "1466190532000", "message": "A group of notable Land-Tillers, including\u00a0Raynor of the Celadine  ,\u00a0Elder Havador  ,\u00a0Jun of the Celadine  , and some warriors, all came to the funeral to pay their respects. They brought with them many species of flowers in baskets, as well as some food. They weren't really sure about the exact nature of the ceremony, so they were surprised to see Aegon building up magic. What kind of funeral was this going to be?Jun was still getting over the fact that someone had sacrificed themselves to save her and her party. The image of Megan crying over his body still haunted her mind. Raynor stuck close to her every step of the way, occasionally telling her silly stories and jokes so that she didn't retreat too far into her own head. Havador\u00a0was calm and serene, though deep down inside he was still troubled by the deaths of those who had been killed at the Eastern Desert. However, he was able to put those feelings aside and focus on Aaedan. Losing a few young men and women was difficult, but it was nothing compared to the pain of losing an entire civilization. Of this he was certain.", "link_list": ["/user/150", "/user/213", "/user/108"], "image_list": [], "html": "A group of notable Land-Tillers, including\u00a0"}, "post-41646": {"user": "Lady Nyx \"The Kingslayer\" Mann", "user_num": 503, "timestamp": "1466217367000", "message": "Nyx stood on the hill close by Aegon. He had told her his plan, he needed permission from the queen to do his works. She had agreed with almost no hesitation. The white City was dead and cursed as far as her people were concerned, not to mention her own view of her home that was. She could see the many people who had come to this funeral, she was grateful for the presence of others besides her people. \"Aegon, if you are prepared... do it.\"", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Nyx stood on the hill close by Aegon. He had told her his plan, he needed permission from the queen to do his works. She had agreed with almost no hesitation. The white City was dead and cursed as far as her people were concerned, not to mention her own view of her home that was. "}, "post-41647": {"user": "Ralakor Overlord of Belrow", "user_num": 1360, "timestamp": "1466219139000", "message": "Ralakor had come to the ceremony himself.  He stood along with the notable Land Tiller forces and the newly named King Slayer. It was uncomfortable to be standing here. In front of the remaining Aadean military and populace. No doubt many saw him as a reminder of all that was lost. Yet it was something he could not miss. The dead had to be given their respects, given guidance unto the next realm. He stood and waited for the building magical power to finally be released. Completely silent and still.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Ralakor had come to the ceremony himself.  He stood along with the notable Land Tiller forces and the newly named King Slayer. It was uncomfortable to be standing here. In front of the remaining Aadean military and populace. No doubt many saw him as a reminder of all that was lost. Yet it was something he could not miss. The dead had to be given their respects, given guidance unto the next realm. "}, "post-41690": {"user": "Aegon", "user_num": 439, "timestamp": "1466296406000", "message": "Aegon nodded to the queen. He brought his hands up from his sides, as though he was lifting something heavy. The many orbs that floated about Aegon, unseen by most, came into view of all. Their golden shapes began swirling about Aegon, a tornado of energy funneling from Aegon into them. A corresponding pattern of magic being formed as they worked in tandem with themselves and their master's magical energy. Shapes began to form in the sky, magic circles geometric shapes, glowing runes, all appeared in the air made of blue, orange, red, gold, and purple magics. As these shapes formed, a shadow of white energy began to dance around the orbs. The shadow took a shape: a dragon, a orb in the heart of each one. And so the visage was formed, 7 ghostly dragons dancing about the elvish mage a glow with energy, magic dancing along the dragons. Then came the sound. The orbs began to hum. a tune, sad yet triumphant.He reached out his has suddenly toward the city and he spoke. The sound reverberated through the lands, crowds, the sky. All would hear its vibrations across the ethereal, even those as far away as Isra and her city, \"TOLMU!\" As if reacting to his will a wave of energy, pure and invisible, like a wave of wind across the grass shot at the black walls of the White City. It hit the 200 feet tall, 50 feet thick solid granite walls. The very essence of the stone seemed to shudder, a slight earthquake rumbling back to Aegon and the observers. Then the fell, the granite walls began to rupture, cracks appearing across their surface. The tops of the walls began give way, their form turning to black sand that floated about in the wind. Then Aegon said his word again throwing his hand toward the city, and once again all did hear, \"TOLMU!\" The walls surrounding the city, turned to sand in an instant, the White city was exposed to the world. The first time since its creation, people could see it but none would see its glory. They would see its ruins, shattered and broken from fighting, their once mighty tower gone to ground. Aegon said it a third time and with it he again threw his hand toward the city, \"TOLMU!\" And this city that was was no more, a white sand desert ringed with black. The materials he would use for his next word of power and give shape to his memorial... .Aegon rose both arms up as his word left his lips, \"TUUL!\" The winds rose. Aegon's orbs flew toward the city, their white shadows as dragons in flight. They would dance around the city, at speeds so fast no one could keep track. They picked up speed, turning into a wide band of white energy, a small line of gold through the middle. The sands spun upward reacting to the magic being used. The white and black danced together forming a literal tornado of sand and when Aegon spoke again magic sparked between the sand practicals, \"ENERGIA!\" As he said the word he brought his hand down, drew them back to his chest and the pushed out. A storm of black and white, blue glows arcing through it formed full and powerful. all the while all present could still hear the somber music. The storm proceeded for sometime and them he unleashed his words, a more complicated part of his magic, \"P\u00fcramiidi surnute m\u00e4lestamine!\" He finished his words and brought his hands together with a powerful clap. A wave like the one used to destroy the city careened toward the storm silent and invisible. Suddenly the Aaedanian's would feel a slight pull. Not physically but mentally. Aegon was borrowing their thoughts, their memories, the story of Aaedan. Their collective image of what Aaedan was would be used to shape the memorial. It was taking form now, the storm of sand and magic had compressed itself into a cone pointing toward the sky. A pyramid was forming, a crypt for the many many dead. Black sand was all that was visibly left of the storm, the white stone and marble from the city creating the tomb itself, the granite of the walls started to form the outermost layer protecting the white interior, much like the city that was. As this great monument finished building itself, white stone began to etch itself into the surface of the black pyramid. An epitaph formed. Only to words formed, right at the bottom of the pyramid and dead center of its western side, \"For Aaedan.\" It continued however. The history of Aaedan began to appear in images of white stone etched into the granite. The history of Aaedan, starting from the the end of the word to the very tip of the pyramid. Their founding moments, the flee from the east and the discovery of their city. Their mighty defense against those that hunted them. The rise and falls of kings and queens. The civil war and removal of the their monarchy. Their restoration of the monarchy when they needed a true ruler. The glory of wars waged over the years, only defending their homes from those descendants of their original enemies. The horror that was their fall, and the triumph that was their redemption. Finally, setting upon the top of the monument a white lion, standing on its hind legs, claws out, face in a fierce roar with its teeth bared. The monument was complete.The land was poisoned and cursed, Aegon was not done. He had pulled so magic magic forth it had begun to try and run wild. He would use that, control its raging flow, \"PUHASTAGE!\" Magic flowed from the pyramid's base. The land poisoned by the felmagic's rain was cleansed, a raging wave of green lush grass erupted from the monument. The trees that were tainted restored to life. Foliage seemingly popping from the limbs. Another unforeseen problem came into play. The mighty city sat in a valley and massive spring had kept the city watered. This spring, now flowing with magic was already creating a lake to swallow the monument. Aegon used the last of his energy, the last of the raging magic that if left uncontrolled would do more harm than good, and spoke a final time, \"T\u00d5USTA!\"The great pyramid rose, a hill beneath it. It rose above level that the lake would overtake it. Rather when the lake finished forming it would leave the pyramid on an island almost its exact center. All the magic glow and energy left Aegon. He dropped to his knees, panting and sweating. His left arm, a fake made of clay was limp, no magic left in Aegon to move it. The shadows of dragons that were his orbs even dropped dead rolling down the hill he had made and into the rising waters of the new lake forming. The hum of their music finally dying. With huffed breath he spoke, \"V\u00f5ib Aaedan tuleb meeles pidada, v\u00f5ib tema ajaloo tuntud, v\u00f5ib ta surnud rahus ja v\u00f5ib ta oli \u00fcles ehitatud maa olla igavesti paradiis.... May Aaedan be remembered, may her history be known, may her dead rest in peace and may the land she was built upon forever be a paradise.\" And with that Aegon fainted, a crumpled heap of sweat, robes and sparks of magic, a residue from his work.\u00a0 ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Aegon nodded to the queen. He brought his hands up from his sides, as though he was lifting something heavy. The many orbs that floated about Aegon, unseen by most, came into view of all. Their golden shapes began swirling about Aegon, a tornado of energy funneling from Aegon into them. A corresponding pattern of magic being formed as they worked in tandem with themselves and their master's magical energy. Shapes began to form in the sky, magic circles geometric shapes, glowing runes, all appeared in the air made of blue, orange, red, gold, and purple magics. As these shapes formed, a shadow of white energy began to dance around the orbs. The shadow took a shape: a dragon, a orb in the heart of each one. "}, "post-41693": {"user": "Lord Tristian Seryl", "user_num": 1222, "timestamp": "1466297427000", "message": "Tristian looked up at the Queen, and was struck by the sight of her. She looked so strong, so lovely, but there was a sadness about her. It was understandable, given the circumstances. He could've stood there and gazed at her for the rest of the day, but the display of magic going on drew his attention from the elegant Nyx to the wonder being worked by the unknown man. Tristian didn't have a magical bone in his body, but even he could feel the tide of magic at work. He watched with a solemn expression, his dark eyes following the destruction of the White City, and its restructuring into a magnificent tomb fit to house the remains of a city and its people. The lake which rose to frame it seemed the perfect completion to the tale of this great nation. He bowed his head in silent respect to those fallen, and those left behind - theirs was a pain he well knew.He raised his head and looked upon the Queen one last time. No. This was neither the time nor the place to meet her. He would leave her to process her grief alone.. she didn't need politics clouding the sorrow of this event, or the chance for hope that it provided. Turning away, he pushed through the crowd, and once he was clear of them, spoke via his ring to those left waiting for him at the Black Tower. A flash of white light enveloped him, and he was gone.<Exit>", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "<font face=\"times\">Tristian looked up at the Queen, and was struck by the sight of her. She looked so strong, so lovely, but there was a sadness about her. It was understandable, given the circumstances. He could've stood there and gazed at her for the rest of the day, but the display of magic going on drew his attention from the elegant Nyx to the wonder being worked by the unknown man. Tristian didn't have a magical bone in his body, but even he could feel the tide of magic at work. He watched with a solemn expression, his dark eyes following the destruction of the White City, and its restructuring into a magnificent tomb fit to house the remains of a city and its people. The lake which rose to frame it seemed the perfect completion to the tale of this great nation. He bowed his head in silent respect to those fallen, and those left behind - theirs was a pain he well knew.<br><br/>He raised his head and looked upon the Queen one last time. No. This was neither the time nor the place to meet her. He would leave her to process her grief alone.. she didn't need politics clouding the sorrow of this event, or the chance for hope that it provided. Turning away, he pushed through the crowd, and once he was clear of them, spoke via his ring to those left waiting for him at the Black Tower. A flash of white light enveloped him, and he was gone.<br/><br/>&lt;Exit&gt;<font color=\"003399\"></font></br></font>"}, "post-41699": {"user": "Lady Nyx \"The Kingslayer\" Mann", "user_num": 503, "timestamp": "1466301755000", "message": "The queen watched in wonder as Aegon worked his magic. With the magic at work completed, the lade forming in the valley, a pyramid covered with Aaedan's story. A fitting monument to her legacy.  She went to Aegon's side first, making sure the wizard was still alive. She raised him to a sitting position, rousing the exhausted man, now known to be an elf. She started crying into his robes, finally breaking down. Her grief pouring out with the finality of the city she grew up in and around. She whispered to him, \"Thank you\" She pulled herself together and helped the man stand. \"We are forever in your debt.\" A couple of her men came up and helped Aegon, they would carry him to their camp so he could rest. It was time she left her grief with the pyramid and move on to Isra for the summit she hoped was in the works. She would move on to prepare for her leave, getting a horse ready with supplies and a small offering. They very crystal which broke their city. Aegons magic had even purged the crystals of their corruption leaving the shards as items filled with magic untapped and pure. Like an ore she imagined that they could be infused with weapons allowing powerful enchantments. Isra would hopefully find it fitting payment for hosting the summit she was hoping for. She would wait for the others that wished to journey with her and begin her journey, riding on horseback as far as she could, riding in a boat where the river would prevent crossing. Her men would stay at camp until work was sent with orders. They food in the city was surprisingly untouched from felmagic and they had almost 2 years worth of provisions for the the soldier and civilian survivors. <exit>", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "The queen watched in wonder as Aegon worked his magic. With the magic at work completed, the lade forming in the valley, a pyramid covered with Aaedan's story. A fitting monument to her legacy.  "}}