{"post-83591": {"user": "The Isran Empire", "user_num": 2930, "timestamp": "1529193744000", "message": "Built up equal distance from Port Silveriron and the Norkari Mountains, the Sand Castle is the center of the northern half of the coast's security This fortress seems to rise up from beach to ships at sea; hints it's name. Its walls extend both to the north and the south and its construction marks the completion of the Great Isranian Wall. Like all the planned fortresses of the Great Isran Wall its layout is simple, logical and practical. Six walls,\u00a0 form a hexagon shape; the northern and southern corners melding into the wall.The walls which the Sand Castle are responsible for extends south to Port Silveriron and north into the Norkari Mountains. Each wall is thirty feet (9.14 meters) tall and sixty feet (18.28 meters) wide with two tiers of walkways along its length. The bottom tier of walkways has many arrow-loops and the top tier has full crenelation with a taller pillar at regular intervals that are equipped with a couple of arrow-loops. The outside of the walls are lined with a metal spike filled trench that stops where the walls extend out into the much grander fortification. The shared walls also have these trenches to help fend off invading infantry forces. Within the walls is a simple four sided castle that stands sixty feet (18.28 meters) with four towers each standing one story taller than the castle itself and were round and has a thirty foot (9.14 meters) diameter. The tops of the castle each are topped with battlements and crenelation. The structure is littered with arrow-loops. The Castle itself has only one entrance with a portcullis and double gates that are easily barred. The walls of the fortress has two stairways that lead to the wall's battlements. A single gate to the fortress is accessible from the Isran side equipped with a portcullis and a drawbridge. The drawbridge is designed so the defenders can destroy it should the enemy force it down, preventing easy access to the gate even if the drawbridge is taken. The entire fortification is made of granite stones quarried in the Norkari Mountains and has a very light grey color. The castle itself has has two long Isranian banners that flow from the top of its forefront towers nearly to the ground.In addition to these main defensive structures there are several utility buildings including a small stable, a simple forge and an additional barracks. ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Built up equal distance from Port Silveriron and the Norkari Mountains, the Sand Castle is the center of the northern half of the coast's security This fortress seems to rise up from beach to ships at sea; hints it's name. Its walls extend both to the north and the south and its construction marks the completion of the Great Isranian Wall. Like all the planned fortresses of the Great Isran Wall its layout is simple, logical and practical. Six walls,\u00a0 form a hexagon shape; the northern and southern corners melding into the wall.The walls which the Sand Castle are responsible for extends south to Port Silveriron and north into the Norkari Mountains. Each wall is thirty feet (9.14 meters) tall and sixty feet (18.28 meters) wide with two tiers of walkways along its length. The bottom tier of walkways has many arrow-loops and the top tier has full crenelation with a taller pillar at regular intervals that are equipped with a couple of arrow-loops. The outside of the walls are lined with a metal spike filled trench that stops where the walls extend out into the much grander fortification. The shared walls also have these trenches to help fend off invading infantry forces. Within the walls is a simple four sided castle that stands sixty feet (18.28 meters) with four towers each standing one story taller than the castle itself and were round and has a thirty foot (9.14 meters) diameter. The tops of the castle each are topped with battlements and crenelation. The structure is littered with arrow-loops. "}}