{"post-17803": {"user": "The Kingdom of Gauldin", "user_num": 882, "timestamp": "1449271705000", "message": "Here you will find information relating to the military capabilities of the Kingdom of Gauldin beginning with a rundown of the three main branches.On The Military of Gauldin.The military of Gauldin is split between three groups that have been colloquially termed: The Royal Air, The Noble Land, and The Merchant Sea. These terms are derived from the primary financial backer of each branch of the military. Due to the disparate nature of who is funding each branch their is  often lack of communication between the branches as well as a fair bit of rivalry. Ultimately though or at least on paper each branch is answerable to the monarchy and the king. The Royal Air is the smallest, though best funded, trained, and most powerful branch of the military. Their are two factions within the Royal Air the air marines and the Pegasus knights who work closely together. The marines are the crew of the military air ships of Gauldin and are comprised of veteran soldiers of the land and sea branches of the military who were recruited after distinguishing themselves. The Pegasus knights are graduates of the Acad\u00e9mie Royale de le P\u00e9gase and they are the pride of the country as no other in the world can claim to have winged cavalry. Entrance to the Acad\u00e9mie is supposed to be based on merit alone with open tryout being held every year in Nir\u00e9al. Despite the supposed openness of admittance the majority of students are nobles or middle class children whose families can afford to have them trained from an early age.The Noble Land is backed by the nobility of Gauldin. Each lord is allowed to muster and train their own troops so long as those troops swear fealty to the king. The Land troops are comprised almost entirely of peasantry, lead by senior guards of the noble houses. The quality and command structure of the land forces of Gauldin vary wildly between each fief. Each lord being solely responsible for training their own muster.The Merchant Sea is backed by the merchants of Gauldin and is more of a privateer fleet then an actual branch of the military. Centuries ago before the discovery of Cieltherium  Gauldin navy was the pride of the country, but when the crystal ore was discovered naval fleets where replaced with air fleets. For many years this caused trade by sea to suffer in Gauldin though the country survived with air based merchant vessels. However the rising middle class revitalized the trade by sea since it is far cheaper to produce boats and they can carry more weight, making them better for trade even if they are slower then air ships. As sea trade began to return to Gauldin pirates began to plague their unprotected shipping lanes. The merchants desperate to protect their investments outfited some of their ships as military vessels to defend their shipping lanes. Unfortunately doing so was against royal law and the king eventually found out what was happening. Instead of putting an end to this a deal was cut betweent he crown and the merchants. The merchants would be allowed to own military vessels to protect their ships so long as those vessels served the crown during times of war.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Here you will find information relating to the military capabilities of the Kingdom of Gauldin beginning with a rundown of the three main branches."}}