{"post-74048": {"user": "Winston", "user_num": 2566, "timestamp": "1507849623000", "message": "General InfoAranosia is a large archipelago region inhabited primarily by humans, these humans are known for their maps of the stars and skies and possess an expansive mythology of Gods and Goddesses whom they worship. Their rich culture of faith has become not only popular in the islands but even has minor sects in several regions of the world as Aranosian Merchants travel across the seas. This faith divides primarily into three categories: Gods, Constellations, and Demi-Gods. The Gods are primordial beings representing wide aspects, often serving as the true forces of nature in their faith. The general belief is that when one passes their spirit wanders the world, with their regrets and deeds from life looming over them. The Gods would then take these souls, either taking them to paradise, being fed to demons known as the Ashura, or becoming Demi-Gods known as Deva or becoming Ashura themselves. Finally, the constellations are themselves Gods, however they are unique as they are all children of Ceres, the God of the Sky and ruler of the Sun, and his wife Giiba the Moon. Their children mark the sky above in several constellations who have their own roles though they tend to represent less of nature but instead aspects of humanity such as passion, heroism, and so forth.GodsCeles (See-lees) King of Sky, ruler of the clouds above. Master of flames and keeper of the heavens. He watches benevolent spirits of the afterlife and ascends the \u2018worthy\u2019 to Deva status. Resides on a palace on the sun overlooking mortals. He represents the cycle of day and night, the moon being his wife Giiba (Gh-ee-bah). The stars form the constellations of the sky. These constellations are each of Celes and Giiba\u2019s children.Braxis (Brah-x-ihs) King of Earth, ruler of the world, he sacrificed himself before the age of time. His corpse became the continents, his blood the seas. The father to humanity, he forged the early mortals from his flesh to give them life. He now slumbers in a stasis of \u2018death\u2019 allowing his children to reside on him providing them with game and fruit.Abarah (Ah-bah-rah) King of the Abyss, ruler of demons. Abarah, or death, looms over mortals reaping them to separate their bodies from their spirits. He does this to feed the weaker spirits to his Ashura or to transform the more vile and powerful spirits into said Ashura. Although he is feared by many he is seen as a necessary evil and balance to the world. A constant reminder to push mortals towards the perfection of Devas, a reminder of what they could fall to become. Giiba (Gh-ee-bah)Queen of the Sky, Wife of Celes and mother of the Stars. While her husband represents Day and Time, Giiba, the moon, watches over the sky at night while her husband rests. She is surrounded by her children, the constellations. She is seen as a Goddess of Chastity and Marriage, a representation of motherhood. She often times will help guide her children of the sky in their various legends, offering embrace in their failures and helping urge them towards the right path. Tarasil (Tah-rah-sihl)King of War, the God of Honor, Conquest, and Retaliation.\u00a0He is the firstborn son of Braxis. Tarasil was born during a family feud between Braxis, the King of the World, and his wife Ledan, the Goddess of the Seasons. He is depicted as many things: a valiant, unstoppable warrior with a two handed weapon, a very destructive force; a cataclysm, but also the kindling and the resolution of conflict. According to many legends, he is a rival of the Constellation Mesophes, the protector and strategist. Tarasil is the one who spread disagreement between mortals and taught them how to fight. He often patronized humans and sometimes orcs, though he was not fond of the savagery of the latter. He teaches us to show no mercy to our enemies. Might is his main attribute. He is sometimes referred to as the Lord of War, Bringer of Division, the First and the Last Soldier. The symbol of Tarasil is a sword engulfed in flames, so as to represent war and the passion, rage and ambition that comes with it.Qyther (Kh-ie-thr)The King of Wisdom Qyther is a son of Braxis and Ledan. True to his name, Qyther is the holder of all knowledge of the world. It is believed that Qyther was the first teacher of mortals, who enlightened the minds of the creations of his father, manifesting himself as a mighty owl, which later became a symbol of wisdom. Legends say, Qyther bestowed upon mortals many priceless gifts, not the least of which was the Gift of Language. Because of this, Qyther is mainly associated with scholarship and science and thus a patron to, inter alia, scholars, sages, teachers and disciples, but also mages. According to his own word, learning is the greatest pursuit, information the greatest treasure and knowledge the greatest power. Aside from the owl, he is also sometimes depicted as a librarian, that being a reference to him holding the answer to every question.ConstellationsLedan (Leh-Dahn)Queen of Seasons, Widow of Braxis, Ledan is what many refer to as \u2018Mother Nature\u2019 she was once a woman of great fertility bearing many children for her husband many divine. She radiated heat and is the daughter of both Celes and Giiba. However, when Braxis sacrificed himself to form the world, Ledan began to mourn, sealing herself away, when doing so the world began to grow cold, and life began to shrivel. Winter was born. Ledan would help mold mortals from Braxis\u2019s corpse but would continuously retreat away to mourn her husband. When Ledan mourns the world becomes cold a sher radiating love for her children and husband is blanketed by grief bringing annual winters. This is why she only appears in the sky during the summer months, and during the winter months her constellation, which appears as a woman in prayer, is nowhere to be seen.Voracus (Voe-rah-kus)The Ram of Fire, son of Celes and Giiba, Voracus is a constellation in the sky. If one looked closely they'd observe the stars were all bright red lending to Voracus\u2019 association with flame and passion. Appearing most prominently in the Spring, Voracus is a spirit of passion and love. For this many believe the ram a symbol of lust. Voracus himself is primarily associated with his legends involving him cursing mortals with intense lust and passion leading to infidelity and usually resulting in that mortals demise. Voracus often is used as an instrument in legends to display when mortal emotions become most intense.Borem (Boe-rehm)The Archer, a constellation and son of Celes and Giiba, Borem appears as a man on his side in the sky holding his bow, Seremese (Seh-rehm-ees). Borem is a God of the hunt however he is most famous in a story commonly referred to as The Legend of Borem. A Hero's epic beginning when Borem hunted one of his fathers personal dogs by mistake and for punishment was cast down onto the world to be humbled. From there Borem travelled the world helping mortals and slaying powerful creatures, he also killed the Dragon Seremese and used his rib to create his bow by the same name, stringing it with the hair of the maiden Jerema whom he married in his legend. It concluded when his jealous brother Ilpes came down to strike at his brother in his mortal state. Borems exploits having won the favor of their father, inspired Ilpes to kill Jerema and Borem in an epic battle managed to use his legendary bow with an arrow made from the femur of Seremese to strike Ilpes in the head forcing his serpentine brother to return to the sky where Borem was ascended back to godhood and now rests in the sky his bow drawn ready to strike at his brother and rival Ilpes.Ilpes (Ill-pehs)The Serpent, a constellation and son of Celes and Giiba, Ilpes appears as a serpent ready to strike and is the greatest rival of Borem. Ilpes appears as an antagonist in the Legend of Borem and is often a symbol of envy, as he\u2019d become jealous of his brother when he won the favor of their father through his exploits on the mortal world, and a symbol of betrayal as he tried to kill his own brother.Mesophes (Meh-soe-fes)The Defender of the sky and son of Celes and Giiba, Mesophes is known as the God of Protection and Strategy. He appears as a man in the sky with a shield and sword. He appears in many legends as a general or wise retired soldier who helps give wisdom to young soldiers or even leads their armies in moments that turn the tides of a battle. He is often depicted as a rival to Tarasil, God of War, many paintings even depict them on opposite sides of wars. However, his most popular image is as the protector of the sky and heavens. The star that makes the top of his head is known as the North Star, and he is always in the sky all year round circling the sky watching over all the heavens.Ellemel (Ehl-ehm-ehl)The stalking Panther, a constellation and son of Celes and Giiba. Ellemel is known as the companion of Sermes(Sehr-mees). Not a son born from Giiba, but rather created by them to protect their daughter. Ellemel often appears as a deceptive distraction in legends often misleading protagonists or sending them purposely into danger. However, usually these misguidings are for what he deems a \u2018greater good\u2019. Ellemel symbolizes cleverness and a concept of doing bad things for good reasons, moral ambiguity.Sermes (Sehr-mees)Princess of the sky, daughter to both Celes and Giiba, Sermes was the firstborn of the two divine beings and is said to be the heir to the sky. She is said to wander the sky her dress flowing behind her as she dances, her guardian panther Ellemel following behind her. She rarely appears in legends and mythology outside of her once appearing in the Legend of Borem when she appeared with Ellemel before Borem shortly after he was cast down to the mortal world to inform him of his punishment. She sent Borem on his first quest to travel to a nearby city. She also appears in an unrelated legend where she falls in love with both Mesophes and Tarasil, caught between them in a popular romantic myth often dubbed The Bells of Heaven. The name of an ancient scroll that is the oldest documented source of the myth, it resulted in a devastating war between Mesophes and his rival. The legend begins with Sermes being betrothed to Tarasil, but having fallen for Mesophes, who duels with Tarasil and wins, this however doesn\u2019t change the situation. Sermes begins falling for Tarasil prompting Mesophes in a fit of jealousy and to be rid of his rival duels the God of War again. In the duel Tarasil defeated Mesophes this time however the God of War went for a finishing blow when Sermes got in the way of the blow and was injured. Having seen what he had done, Tarasil left leaving Mesophes to marry Sermes.Demi-GodsThe Deva, particularly benign spirits who did great deeds in their lives, perhaps heroes, who were chosen by Celes to ascend. They become his agents and his servants, guiding spirits towards the heavens and serving as soldiers in the endless war against the Ashura and deprived. They deliver Ceres judgement on souls deeming them worthy or not for ascension to what they call \u201cThe Saintly Order\u201d which is comprised of all Deva.The Ashura, Evil and tainted spirits chosen by Abarah. Often evil in life these spirits show particular gravitation towards specific \u2018sins\u2019 which they begin to embody as Ashura, horrific demons and devils. The Ashura then roam in the realm of shadows which overlaps over the mortal world helping their master reap souls and devouring wandering ghosts and spirits.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "<font size=\"6\"><u>General Info</u></font>"}}