{"post-32503": {"user": "The Kingdom of Belrow", "user_num": 1359, "timestamp": "1460302184000", "message": "Belrow is a kingdom with two major demographics. The living and the dead.\u00a0The native inhabitants are a mystery to the living. Living mostly in the underground catacombs forbidden to the living they move around without uttering a sound, seemingly able to communicate with each other by some other means. They have been seen to be seperated into four main caste like systems.\u00a0Lowest of these are the slaves. Not much is know about this caste, as they seem to mostly stay in the catacombs, only surfacing with when their higher caste masters. Most look more dead then the rest of the kind, being less of mummified flesh and more of bare skeleton with small amounts of cloth wrapped around them. They work mostly as hard labor, moving heavy objects and cleaning the streets of the ever present sand.\u00a0Above them are the working class. This makes up the bulk of the community. Consisting of normal citizens they are draped various versions of white cloths. The men seem to only wear a white gown and leave their mummified chests bare for the living to see while the women prefer a full white dress with a white silk sheet to cover their head and face. They do not communicate with the living, but do make hand gestures and movements of the head when interacting with living vendors, meaning that they do understand their surroundings.Above them are the guardians, the warrior caste. Wearing mostly bronze chest pieces with a white gown they traditionally carry either a simple iron spear or wooden bow. Do not be fooled though. These weapons have been infused with magic, allowing them to do a lot more damage then what they look like. All citizens fear these warriors, as they seem to follow orders that they neither understand or hear. The lack of eyes doesn't make it easier as many living have sworn they where being watched, but couldn't prove it.The highest caste is that of the noblemen and woman. There defining feature is their ability to speak to the living using their vocal cords. Not many of these are seen by the normal living folk. Most often they are seen moving from the entrances to the catacombs and the Black towers. Wearing expensive jewels and fine cloths, they are normally surrounded by a mixture of slaves and guardians, leading to being able to talk to one quite hard.The living form an interesting final caste, equal to that of a worker. The general rule is that as long as your serve a purpose in the cities and aren't useless weight as well as staying completely clean you will be left unmolested by the guardians or by the other undead. Living in houses above ground in identical black stone buildings, very little can difference can be seen from outside, as any outer changes in appearance are quickly destroyed. Inside though, the houses can be changed how ever the occupent decides.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Belrow is a kingdom with two major demographics. The living and the dead.\u00a0"}}