{"post-81370": {"user": "\u00cdskaldur", "user_num": 2925, "timestamp": "1523153601000", "message": "GeneralWelcome to \u00cdskaldur. Feel free to go and RP there, and if you have any questions you can either PM this account or contact me through discord (Omega_Tahu#8599). This topic will hopefully run over the basics of \u00cdskaldur and what is acceptable there in terms of playable species, culture, and other stuff you'd expect in a nation.Creating a CharacterThere are a couple general guidelines for characters in \u00cdskaldur, most of which just have to do with the culture. Most people will have be at least somewhat skilled in combat, armed or otherwise, most people will have a respect towards the strong (unless they think they're as stronger or stronger), and nearly everyone is loyal to the King Chief. It also wouldn't be too much a stretch to say that due to the time they've been alive everybody knows everybody else to some extent, even if it's just by name. But that's really optional, and not as heavily suggested as the first three. Now, onto the actual species/groups you can play:- The Vikings: These are your run of the mill civilians. While most of them are still warriors, it wouldn't be strange to find a smith or mage in their midst. Like the closely related Berserkers, they are undying* and do not need food or water, and lost their fertility in exchange. Not to say, they can still eat and stuff, but it's not necessary for survival, and going without food won't negatively impact them.- The Berserkers: These are the most violent of the four, they used to be vikings but went through a trial, and upon passing were granted with inhuman speed, strength and durability while in a rage. Their skins become hard enough to repel weapons of steel and withstand the scorching heat of fire. They tend to be the angriest and most volatile of the four groups, and nearly all of them are warriors due to their abilities. Like the Vikings, they are undying* and do not need food or water, and lost their fertility in exchange. Not to say, they can still eat and stuff, but it's not necessary for survival, and going without food won't negatively impact them. They also tend to be the angriest and most volatile out of the four groups.*SPOILER: Click to showNote that as of June 1st, 2018, the Viking's and Berserker's immortality isn't true immortality. They can now die through a mortal wound or some other unnatural means, and upon death will not regenerate. However as long as they live they will still have an unnatural regenerative ability, and while on the continent of \u00cdskaldur they can not perish. If your character were to die outside of the borders of \u00cdskaldur, there are two possible options to resurrect him. The first would be returning the body to \u00cdskaldur, where the magic of the Heart of Odin would restore his life and he can begin the process of regeneration. The second is through the use of a \u00cdskaldurian healer's magic crystal, although this is a function mainly intended for use in wars and other large events using a decent number of \u00cdskaldur's NPCs. This will bring the body back to life intact and rested but the ritual takes time and is easy to disrupt, and if the dead character is traveling alone or with foreigners it's incredibly unlikely that a healer would be present.- The Mineraali: To sum this group up, they're living beings made up of naturally occurring minerals granted life by the Heart of Odin. They come in all shapes and materials, but tend to be quite tall, averaging around seven and a half feet tall. They worship the Heart of Odin like a holy deity. As a whole, they're probably the least combative of the four groups. Unlike the Vikings and Berserkers, new members of their species can be created by the Heart of Odin, but it's a rare occurrence.- The Valkyrie and Einherjar: These beings are a humanoid mass of wires enmeshed with the armor that they wear. Nearly all of them have a pair of wings, if not several pairs, and they're naturally among the fastest and strongest beings in \u00cdskaldur. They tend to act as trainers for the other groups, and are combative, but not nearly as much as the Berserkers. They act as guards for the Heart of Odin and respect the crystal that gave them life highly. Like the Mineraali new members of this species can be created, but it's very rare.Holding a Government Position in \u00cdskaldurThe Overview of \u00cdskaldur will give you a general idea as to how the \"government\" works. As for becoming a part of it, there are two ways to go about it. The first way is you contact me, and I'll hand you the available opening of your wish, however I do reserve the right to deny you your request. The other way is that you go challenge the person who currently holds the position and try to take it. In that case I won't object. Now for having a character as one of the leaders, you must understand that to have that position your character is going to have to be one of the strongest, probably the strongest member of that group. If not it would slightly unrealistic for that character to maintain his or her position. Just bear that in mind.For ForeignersThe environment of the nation causes quite a few problems for travelers from other lands. The freezing cold and treacherous terrain makes traveling quite hard, and the fact nothing grows naturally compounds the issue. While food can be magically made, most of the stores that \u00cdskaldur have would be filled with ale and mead for celebrations. Icy monsters also run wild. Just things to keep in mind while RPing in \u00cdskaldur.", "link_list": ["javascript:void(0);", "http://thefantasysandbox.boards.net/thread/3107/overview-skaldur"], "image_list": [], "html": "<div align=\"center\">General<br/></div>"}}