{"post-82783": {"user": null, "user_num": null, "timestamp": "1526826181000", "message": "The Garden of Heaven is a very peaceful and tranquil place in the very heart of the city that actually spans between the Common and Aristocratic Quarters. It is a sprawling place that is well kept and maintained by a number of workers to ensure that every plant and flower petal thrives in this man made park. The gardens are built with a number of pathways ranging from paved walkways to dotted stone paths, across lush grasses and soft white sand and bridges over lovely rivers and ponds - seeming to be towered over by small forests of cypress and cedar and pines of red and green. Stone lanterns dot crossways and by bridges, letting off a gentle and warm glow in the evenings, and blossoms of white and pink rain from the cherry trees in their loving season. The waters are calm, save for the arrival of brilliant colors of koi fish expecting to be fed by those that walk by. The occasional shrine in honor of kami and common spirits alike dot the area, as well, and are usually colored with offerings of all sorts at their foundations.The place is alive during the afternoons, usually with those looking for a peaceful stroll or to settle for a lunch beneath a tree. Children can be found flying colorful contraptions in the skies and running about in play. A small but open, unnamed tea house sits somewhere in the middle of the gardens, offering a place for a small rest and reprieve. During the day, this place is deemed heaven on earth.Sadly, after nightfall, policemen and guard patrol where they can across the roads - as the place becomes active to those seeking for a quiet place for shady deals and happenings while there is no one around.", "link_list": [], "image_list": ["https://i.imgur.com/9nW3FWP.jpg", "https://i.imgur.com/FVypGD0.jpg", "https://i.imgur.com/6oJ032Z.jpg"], "html": "<div>The Garden of Heaven is a very peaceful and tranquil place in the very heart of the city that actually spans between the Common and Aristocratic Quarters. It is a sprawling place that is well kept and maintained by a number of workers to ensure that every plant and flower petal thrives in this man made park. The gardens are built with a number of pathways ranging from paved walkways to dotted stone paths, across lush grasses and soft white sand and bridges over lovely rivers and ponds - seeming to be towered over by small forests of cypress and cedar and pines of red and green. Stone lanterns dot crossways and by bridges, letting off a gentle and warm glow in the evenings, and blossoms of white and pink rain from the cherry trees in their loving season. The waters are calm, save for the arrival of brilliant colors of koi fish expecting to be fed by those that walk by. The occasional shrine in honor of kami and common spirits alike dot the area, as well, and are usually colored with offerings of all sorts at their foundations.</div>"}}