{"post-80901": {"user": "Morgdul", "user_num": 2923, "timestamp": "1522033470000", "message": "Modeled off Isra's permissions thread, this post will cover what is permitted or not permitted within the borders of the Dominion.Borders: Entry into the Dominion of Morgdul will become free to everyone once all the necessary topics are posted to facilitate the proper running of the government on a day-to-day basis. This thread will be updated at that point to reflect this change. This courtesy extends to characters with malicious intent as well as benign characters. Morgdul reserves the right to defend its threads from players with malicious intent via the applicable regulation (Getting Started -> 2: Threads & Settings), which declares that \"[t]he creator of the thread controls the definition, responses, and everything else about that location.\" If a player does not wish for this right to be exercised against him/her, then it is recommended that player not initiate combat within the borders of Morgdul.Morgdul's borders are very wide and the nation currently has only one land border checkpoint. As such, illegal entry into the Dominion of Morgdul is incredibly feasible and encouraged within the meta. To combat illegal immigration (which is something of a joke considering the open border gate), Morgdun has ordered that all applicable persons have a spell placed on them by the checkpoint guards or government official, which will indicate to government authorities whether an individual is a citizen or visitor. Characters found without such a spell placed on them will be detained and deported by the government and potentially denied reentry.Existing Characters:It is permitted and encouraged to have a character whose story begins as a citizen of Morgdul. Information regarding citizens of Morgdul can be found on the appropriate thread within this sub-board. In this thread, it is encouraged for citizens of Morgdul to leave a post for census purposes.Settings:Any character who is within the borders of Morgdul may create a thread for his or her use. The thread may be of any nature, but it is asked that threads which would obviously not be permissible within a city border (evil lairs) be created outside of cities in the countryside, represented by the main Morgdul board. Structures such as large manors and castles are permissible, with the reminder that the region controlled by the Dominion was not under the rule of a government until very recently, and as such these estates cannot be used to represent any sign of former factional control over a portion of Morgdul's countryside.Use of a thread for a faction's headquarters within the borders of Morgdul is expressly forbidden. Threads representing local branches of international groups may be posted within cities.Immortals and Undying:The Immortal Legions and the Undying are two of Morgdul's defining elements, and as such are protected from abuse by other players. Their nature is defined here to prevent confusion over the names.Immortals are Morgdun's civil authorities and chief war leaders. Constructed from a special, living metal, they are highly intelligent and masters over Morgdul's breed of magic, as well as experts at planning. Their use is permitted only by specific players under specific circumstances. Requests to make an Immortal character will be denied.Undying are Morgdun's elite soldiers, who have sworn their lives to him. They are stationed as guards at border posts and other relevant threads. They consist of human volunteers who have been made tougher and stronger with magic, preventing them from feeling pain or aging. Their use is fairly open, but it is preferred that concerned users direct inquiry to either this account or Morgdun  .Combat: Combat in the wilderness is permissible, but if caught by the authorities there will likely be intervention and/or repercussion. Combat within city borders is illegal and if caught will result in deportation or if necessary on-site execution.Crime and Punishment: Do not commit crimes within Morgdul. The laws as they currently stand are based on common societal standards (murder, theft, etc.), but if exceptional laws are made, a thread will be posted to list them.Foreign Interaction:It is requested that agents of foreign governments identify themselves as such upon entry into Morgdul. This will allow our government to know how this individual should be treated and will also allow for official diplomatic channels to be used. If a foreign emissary arrives to speak in a diplomatic function with representatives of Morgdul, they will be transported directly to Varnkorm and may bypass any intervening border threads.Foreign emissaries who commit a crime within Morgdul or represent a nation at war with Morgdul will be deported to the country they represent. If a representative of a nation at war with Morgdul wishes to, or is ordered to keep diplomatic channels open with the Dominion, then they shall be detained in such a manner that they cannot conduct espionage on the Dominion, but may continue to receive correspondence from their country of origin and will otherwise continue to be afforded the benefits appropriate for a diplomat.Any questions regarding the Dominion should be directed to this account.", "link_list": ["/user/2820"], "image_list": [], "html": "Modeled off Isra's permissions thread, this post will cover what is permitted or not permitted within the borders of the Dominion."}}