{"post-7537": {"user": "Goraia", "user_num": 76, "timestamp": "1440720956000", "message": "In this thread will begin match 3 of the Grand Tournament 2015. IC, this match occurs third in chronological order.The first introductory post goes to Firgov Estherol. The match will proceed until a victor is named.---------------------------------------------------------------The announcer, his voice coverage enchanted by magic to boom over the crowds, officially introduced the start of the match.\"It is time, for match 3!!! ... from the north gate, a free soul representing our beloved kingdom of Medan, vanquisher of the Trogdor menace... Fenriiiiis Olfwooooood!!!\"A deafening roar of applause follows the announcement.\"...Aaaand from the south gate, leader of Estherol city, representing the Phoenix State... Firgovvvvvv Estherollllll!!!\"When the two squared off, it was on.\"Let the match... begin!\"", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "<div style=\"text-align:center;\"><b>In this thread will begin match 3 of the Grand Tournament 2015. IC, this match occurs third in chronological order.</b></div>"}, "post-7557": {"user": "Fenris", "user_num": 168, "timestamp": "1440730570000", "message": "(Due to the fact Firgov asked me to post first, and assuming it is okay with the judges, I will be taking the first post.)Fenris was surprised people knew of that little indiscretion, as he was credited with the leaving of the Dragon he had harassed several months ago. He had thought he had gotten out of that with no one knowing. Oh well, perhaps it could not be helped. Regardless a bronze hand scratched a coarse full beard, his grey-cloak left behind as he moved with his bracers also worn for now. He had opted to retain his weapons of the Grosse-Messer, and the the Langes-Messer both at opposite hips. He knew nothing of who he was fighting, and did not make assumptions, instead waiting to see what awaited.He had emerged from the Northern-Gate into the pit, and his left hand placed itself upon the hilt of his grosse-messer drawing the heavily modified blade. It featured a serrated back-edge, and a broad cruciform cross-guard, as well as a circular pommel. It was balanced towards the middle, and its tip was narrowed, while the blade itself was about the width of a conventional bastard sword. He emerged from the gate looking towards the opposite end.He brought the blade to his left side, letting it point towards the ground at a slant, the swords 4 foot length extending before him but far from fully extended as its tip hovered a few scant inches off the ground, his left arm almost loose in its positioning. He placed his right leg forward, along with his right arm which was held chambered, and open palm. Not a traditional fencing stance by any means, as his stance slightly lowered. He had no problems making the first move but he wanted to see something of his opponent first.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "(Due to the fact Firgov asked me to post first, and assuming it is okay with the judges, I will be taking the first post.)"}, "post-7558": {"user": "Firgov Estherol", "user_num": 429, "timestamp": "1440730637000", "message": "Firgov would step out, near naked. The light revealed his finely tuned body, every muscle having a groove. He was around 6'3 and about 235 pounds. Around his waist and groin he had a blue cloth tied that looked almost like a diaper. Upon his head, holding his hair up to reveal his green eyes, was a blue turban that was used to block light, keep sweat out of his eyes, and prevent any damage to his head from hand to hand.In his left hand he carried a punch shield that had a six inch radius. It carried no markings or special colors, it was round and made of steel. In his right hand he had a set of iron knuckles with small spikes on them. He'd slide his fingers into the iron knuckles and check the wraps around his wrists and ankles.When he stood up he'd yell at the announcer in a rather pissed off tone, \"Fenris did not vanquish Trogdor! It was Zaltos Kiraxo, Pharoah of the Phoenix State who brought the dragon to his knees and saved this world from his plague! It's not right to make false claims about a man who simply agitated Trogdor.\"Firgov would then turn back to his opponent and take his stance. His right foot would slide back a bit, causing his left knee to come to a slight bend. His upper torso would flex, raising his shoulders to defend his neck. His left hand would stretch in the direction of Fenris, having just the slightest bend to keep it from being fully extended. His right hand would come upwards and ball up, placing itself around one foot from his face.\u00a0The announcers comment had upset Firgov and made him want to beat down on his opponent more. Only Fenris could have given them that information, and stealing another mans credit is a sign of cowardice and weakness. Firgov would remain zoned in, his mind already processing his first move based upon what his opponent could do. Fenris was about to face a being who had trained in combat since he was four, just as every male has done in The Phoenix State.With eyes locked on Fenris's, Firgov would smirk and speak, \"Pray hard, fella'.\"", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Firgov would step out, near naked. The light revealed his finely tuned body, every muscle having a groove. He was around 6'3 and about 235 pounds. Around his waist and groin he had a blue cloth tied that looked almost like a diaper. Upon his head, holding his hair up to reveal his green eyes, was a blue turban that was used to block light, keep sweat out of his eyes, and prevent any damage to his head from hand to hand."}, "post-7559": {"user": "Fenris", "user_num": 168, "timestamp": "1440732497000", "message": " Fenris might have made a remark about the male ever hearing of a shirt, but thought better of it, othewise he did not seem peturbed by the near naked Firgov. As the male began to yell Fenris raised dark brows as the he proclaimed Fenris was not the savior they all thought he was, he did not make any claims to the contrary and merely offered a shrug. He had not confronted Trogdor for credit, and whatever became of the Dragon afterwards was simply not his concern. \"Bwahahahahahaha!\" a booming laugh echoed from the wild males robust frame in response to the males indignity. (assuming they were still a fair distance away.)As the male squared up, Fenris noted his well disciplined stance, his weapon combo was also fairly novel favoring close quarters brutality, well balanced on offense and defense, and fairly agile. Perhaps this male might actually win. Perhaps not. Fenris sighed as he could practically feel the males disgust and anger towards him, for something he had merely done casually. Fenris of Olfwood walked towards his opponent, as he had done what felt like a thousand times before. A movement that was not a dash, nor a jog, but rather a brisk walk. The blade made a subtle weaving motion in his left hand, minute motions of his wrist causing the tip to sway like a serpents tongue remaining off the ground. His gaze upon the male was one of vague curiosity perhaps, or as if he was a task at hand to be taken care of. A chore. Assuming he was able to close distance without being impeded, his blade would rise making a cutting motion for the inner left thigh of the male with the tip of Fenris' grosse-messer. His arm extending in the motion keeping him and Firgov about 4 1/2 feet apart with Fenris' arms length accounting for his weapons own reach, while Fens left leg shifted forward slightly in the motion to lead. He had opted to target that spot, simply because it seemed the best place to start at the time, but his intent was to cause response or reaction, as his blade drew back slightly with the motion, and his right arm remained in place. Still half-crouched the Lupine like swordsman began to do what he had been bred for. ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": " Fenris might have made a remark about the male ever hearing of a shirt, but thought better of it, othewise he did not seem peturbed by the near naked Firgov. As the male began to yell Fenris raised dark brows as the he proclaimed Fenris was not the savior they all thought he was, he did not make any claims to the contrary and merely offered a shrug. He had not confronted Trogdor for credit, and whatever became of the Dragon afterwards was simply not his concern. \"Bwahahahahahaha!\" a booming laugh echoed from the wild males robust frame in response to the males indignity. (assuming they were still a fair distance away.)"}, "post-7664": {"user": "Firgov Estherol", "user_num": 429, "timestamp": "1440816900000", "message": "The first strike had been drawn, coming from Fenris's left to the left thigh of Firgov. Through extensive training in Close Quarters Combat, he learned going backwards against swords would ensure demise. His eyes wouldn't follow the eyes of Fenris, but his body movements such as flexing and possible momentum building tactics.Firgov was aware that his opponent respected and well trained, not rushing in on him. When Fenris was close enough, he noticed the slight jerk in the left leg that would lead to forward motion. His eyes would shift back to the sword catching the wrist twitch that would send Fenris's blade towards his thigh. \u00a0His body would respond immediately to his mental recognition of the situation, acting almost like a robot with auto response. As Fenris's left leg began to move, Firgov's right foot would pivot itself, digging his toes into the ground for control. His body would follow, moving inches to the side. His left leg would follow, moving to the outside of the sword retracting a slight bit before resetting in the same degree it had been previously.\u00a0His upper torso would do it's own thing, making sure to avoid the simple attack. The left hand that wielded his punch shield would come down upon the sword in a curved manner. Using the rim of his shield, he would bring it to the right of the blade as if to \u00a0push Fenris's sword towards Firgov's left, even if by an inch. He did this to keep a moderate control on the blade, giving him a chance to defend when Fenris would try to attack again. Firgov expected a fight and he would get one, a foe who's reactions might be nearly as quick as his. He would have to push his body in this fight against this swordsman. As long as he doesn't hesitate to react, he could take his foe. His reaction to his dodging movement was a quick and swift response, as if a chain reaction of movements.When Firgov's left foot was back down he would press off the ground, digging his toes into the ground for control. His body would lower, his left leg bending a bit more. He'd pop his right hip forward, bringing his right leg forward. With the right side of his body turning towards Fenris, he was sending the ball of his right foot towards the top of Fenris's left knee in a low snap kick. The intent was to knock Fenris onto his knee, knowing that his angle had little chance of actually causing any serious injury. He was trying to create an opening.Upon the return of his fast strike, he would then hop backwards a few inches to create another range, resetting the fighters to have another clash. The leg retracted as fast it extended. As the right foot hit the ground, he'd use his left leg to push backwards to flow with his momentum, using little muscle of his own to make the hop. His attack was more or less the physical equivalent to Fenris's strike. Striking as quick as the sword. Even in a quick movement backwards, he had proven he could move as quick as any sword, and could attack in a split second.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "The first strike had been drawn, coming from Fenris's left to the left thigh of Firgov. Through extensive training in Close Quarters Combat, he learned going backwards against swords would ensure demise. His eyes wouldn't follow the eyes of Fenris, but his body movements such as flexing and possible momentum building tactics."}, "post-7680": {"user": "Fenris", "user_num": 168, "timestamp": "1440827101000", "message": " His opponent knew backing up would only prolong the inevitable, the only way to win was to get in range, but against a swordsman who knew what they were doing, it would not be that easy. As Fenris' left blade rose, his opponent reacted, a pivoting motion ensued from Firgov as he struck with his left-disc at what would be the left of Fenris' blade causing it to tilt to the Lupines right. As Firgov stepped off with his left leg and pivoted right this meant he was going to Fenris' own left, Fenris turning his head as the opponent did so as if to face him with his left side, while Fenris hips turned towards that direction as well. Fixating the male with a cold predatory gaze, and a fanged smile that showed emphasized incisors. As his opponent's left leg fell, this was when Fenris' right hand grasped the pommel of his sword... The greater control and power benefited by the dual-handed grip allowed him to continue the tilt of the grosse-messer that the discs-parry had started, Fenris already turned towards Firgov his right leg moved forward, bringing his left leg back out of optimal range of the snap-kick as Fenris' blade simultaneously moved across in a sudden and vicious draw-cutting motion with the serrated back edge. The attack meant too strike the top outside of the Firgovs grounded left knee in a diagonal motion and continue upward potentially towards the nethers and inner right thigh of the kicking leg, moving forward as his opponent did and using a draw-cut so as to keep his blade \"close\" to his body. If it hit the intent would be too rend through muscle, tendon, and potentially the formoral artery depending on how well it struck upon the second leg. If nothing else the blades sweep also adding the possibility of the kick simply being pushed off by the motion. The blade seeking to outmaneuver the punching-shield by virtue of Fenris' increased control, and simply being able to shift its vector beneath the shield from an outside angle. The right hands grip on the counter-weight of the pommel allowing for a smooth and agile motion. The step forward done to ensure contact in timing with his opposition, Fenris knew that Firgov wanted to get in close, if the male managed to get that far he would Find Fenris more than comfortable at close quarters too. A sword was more than just a blade, and a good swordsman was more than just a sword after all. There was also a fair amount of push behind the attack, and parrying or blocking  or deflecting it again from the current angle while on one leg and attacking would be a considerable feat, while it was worth noting that the motion of the cut was the same motion that would break away from the disc-shield seeking to slip under it. All of this was timed to intercept Firgovs offense as it happened.  And yet still the Lupine was prepared; as the draw-cut was a controlled motion which was typical for the technique. Regardless of success or failure it would leave his blade placed in a slanted positioning towards the ground at he end with the back-edge facing his opposition and his left arm retracting to align the tip forward instead, while the right hand let go of the pommel as quickly as it had grasped it, leaving his free-arm centered and chambered on defense, Fenris' attention fixated on the task at hand. A beast vs a machine. Yet why was the machine the one that was all but naked? The Ironies of life. Fenris would trust that whatever enchantments upon the blade would keep it from dealing mortal or grievous injury. The Predatory-Marauder not usually one to pull his punches, especially against someone who apparently had a grudge against him. His opponent might muster a defense, but the simple maneuver of turning his head and waist to follow Firgov, grasping his blade with both hands, and simply cutting again only this time more decisively seemed well employed to Fenris. ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "<br> His opponent knew backing up would only prolong the inevitable, the only way to win was to get in range, but against a swordsman who knew what they were doing, it would not be that easy. As Fenris' left blade rose, his opponent reacted, a pivoting motion ensued from Firgov as he struck with his left-disc at what would be the left of Fenris' blade causing it to tilt to the Lupines right. As Firgov stepped off with his left leg and pivoted right this meant he was going to Fenris' own left, Fenris turning his head as the opponent did so as if to face him with his left side, while Fenris hips turned towards that direction as well. Fixating the male with a cold predatory gaze, and a fanged smile that showed emphasized incisors. <br/><br/>As his opponent's left leg fell, this was when Fenris' right hand grasped the pommel of his sword... <br/><br/>The greater control and power benefited by the dual-handed grip allowed him to continue the tilt of the grosse-messer that the discs-parry had started, Fenris already turned towards Firgov his right leg moved forward, bringing his left leg back out of optimal range of the snap-kick as Fenris' blade simultaneously moved across in a sudden and vicious draw-cutting motion with the serrated back edge. The attack meant too strike the top outside of the Firgovs grounded left knee in a diagonal motion and continue upward potentially towards the nethers and inner right thigh of the kicking leg, moving forward as his opponent did and using a draw-cut so as to keep his blade \"close\" to his body. If it hit the intent would be too rend through muscle, tendon, and potentially the formoral artery depending on how well it struck upon the second leg. If nothing else the blades sweep also adding the possibility of the kick simply being pushed off by the motion. The blade seeking to outmaneuver the punching-shield by virtue of Fenris' increased control, and simply being able to shift its vector beneath the shield from an outside angle. The right hands grip on the counter-weight of the pommel allowing for a smooth and agile motion. <br/><br/>The step forward done to ensure contact in timing with his opposition, Fenris knew that Firgov wanted to get in close, if the male managed to get that far he would Find Fenris more than comfortable at close quarters too. A sword was more than just a blade, and a good swordsman was more than just a sword after all. <br/><br/>There was also a fair amount of push behind the attack, and parrying or blocking  or deflecting it again from the current angle while on one leg and attacking would be a considerable feat, while it was worth noting that the motion of the cut was the same motion that would break away from the disc-shield seeking to slip under it. All of this was timed to intercept Firgovs offense as it happened.  And yet still the Lupine was prepared; as the draw-cut was a controlled motion which was typical for the technique. Regardless of success or failure it would leave his blade placed in a slanted positioning towards the ground at he end with the back-edge facing his opposition and his left arm retracting to align the tip forward instead, while the right hand let go of the pommel as quickly as it had grasped it, leaving his free-arm centered and chambered on defense, Fenris' attention fixated on the task at hand. A beast vs a machine. Yet why was the machine the one that was all but naked? The Ironies of life. <br/><br/>Fenris would trust that whatever enchantments upon the blade would keep it from dealing mortal or grievous injury. The Predatory-Marauder not usually one to pull his punches, especially against someone who apparently had a grudge against him. His opponent might muster a defense, but the simple maneuver of turning his head and waist to follow Firgov, grasping his blade with both hands, and simply cutting again only this time more decisively seemed well employed to Fenris. <br/></br>"}, "post-7769": {"user": "Firgov Estherol", "user_num": 429, "timestamp": "1440902887000", "message": "There was very little options in the strike, and due to his one legged position, he was limited. With the motion of the sword moving along the edge of his shield, he had advanced warning on the strike giving him the extra half second he need to react. His leg would retract immediately as the movement began on the shield. As his leg retracted, he would use pure muscle against the sword to parry with it and push it up and out, instead downwards. As the sword passed under the shield, Firgov pressed down. As it came around the right of the shield, he would roll it to a 2 o'clock position of his shield that force it upwards. It would at least slow the sword down and force an upwards slash that could still have struck Firgov if he hadn't had somewhat of a parry. Something to effect balance. When the sword reached where the leg would have been, the leg was behind Firgov and on the ground. As the right foot hit the ground, it would begin a series of movements backwards using the power from the left leg as it sprang up. The strike was close, within a foot of his body, a very close call.Firgov hoped Fenris would follow, forcing him into an attack of jabs from his sword. When Firgov realized the sword was serrated, he came up with a plan to use this against the man. To make this happen, he needed a chase. If not, he still had a plan.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "There was very little options in the strike, and due to his one legged position, he was limited. With the motion of the sword moving along the edge of his shield, he had advanced warning on the strike giving him the extra half second he need to react. "}, "post-7778": {"user": "Fenris", "user_num": 168, "timestamp": "1440913911000", "message": "Somehow his opponent perceived and was able to bear some semblance of a reaction while Fenris rode the flow, a less experienced fighter may have hesitated but Fenris trusted his instincts. His blade crossing through the vector of the left leg, trusting Firgov would not be able to bend down and reach with his shield in time which his blade had broken contact with, and considering Fenris had timed his attack and movements to happen concurrently with his opponent. His left knee avoiding the kick if it still came by virtue of the shift in positioning with his right switching in place and the left now becoming the back leg as previously stated. If it struck, it was meant to disable the knee, rending to bone, flesh, muscle, and possibly tendon. If not Firgov would back up, perhaps injured, perhaps not depending on the quality of the protective warding put upon the weapons. If nothing else make no mistake that last attack had been meant to be a potential fight ender if and when contact was made. He would let \"fate\" decide the matter. Chances were his opponent would probably avoid serious injury if it did hit due to the wards. Fenris maintained that stance even as the male backed up before lowering his blade and letting it sway inches above the ground again, his right hand moving behind his back as he regarded Firgov, the sword in his left hand moving like the restless limb of some beast. If the last attack had not ended the fight, then he might pursue or he might wait. He was perfectly comfortable, as far as he was concerned he was in control of the situation. ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Somehow his opponent perceived and was able to bear some semblance of a reaction while Fenris rode the flow, a less experienced fighter may have hesitated but Fenris trusted his instincts. His blade crossing through the vector of the left leg, trusting Firgov would not be able to bend down and reach with his shield in time which his blade had broken contact with, and considering Fenris had timed his attack and movements to happen concurrently with his opponent. His left knee avoiding the kick if it still came by virtue of the shift in positioning with his right switching in place and the left now becoming the back leg as previously stated. "}, "post-12030": {"user": "Goraia", "user_num": 76, "timestamp": "1443476093000", "message": "The magical wards cause a disappearance of Firgov, immediately before any grievous wounding, exposing Fenris as the winner of this match.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "The magical wards cause a disappearance of Firgov, immediately before any grievous wounding, exposing Fenris as the winner of this match."}}