{"post-69596": {"user": "Raoul Ferdinand", "user_num": 2168, "timestamp": "1497772222000", "message": "Raoul stepped into the ring, rolling his shoulders and bouncing on his toes as he loosened up. The movement made the most godawful clanking and banging, since he fought tournaments in plate armor. And he was kind of trying extra-hard to make godawful clanking sounds. Unholy racket might be the preferred term in some quarters. The man was easily amused, to say the least.He looked across to the gate where his opponent would appear as he waited. He didn\u2019t really know anything about this Caden  he was matched up against, but he got the impression that the man had little sense of humor and thought very highly of himself. That always made things more entertaining.He drew his rapier, a long and wide specimen of the breed, giving it a quick look over while he waited. When Caden arrived, Raoul snapped a salute, then dropped into a comfortable ready position. He held the sword low, leading with his right hand at the level of his solar plexus, and his elbow slightly bet so that the point angled up towards his opponent\u2019s face. With his left, he closed his visor, then pulled out his secret weapon.He held it in an armored fist at just below shoulder level and centered near his chest. He gave the cruel implement a quick squeeze, unleashing the terrible sound. Squeak. The rubber ducky of doom awaited its next victim.", "link_list": ["/user/2383"], "image_list": [], "html": "Raoul stepped into the ring, rolling his shoulders and bouncing on his toes as he loosened up. The movement made the most godawful clanking and banging, since he fought tournaments in plate armor. And he was kind of trying extra-hard to make godawful clanking sounds. Unholy racket might be the preferred term in some quarters. The man was easily amused, to say the least."}, "post-69598": {"user": "Caden", "user_num": 2383, "timestamp": "1497774070000", "message": "In atypical fashion Caden arrived in a casual and visible walk through the gates and into the pit or ring. It was against all odds that he was here, this backwoods world at the behest of Fenris. His brother in arms and the Primoris Ultonis. The nonplussed look across his features was a strong indication of desire. But a Primoris could never truly decline a challenge they were what they were after all. This world was a direct contrast to many others, his cloak hanging limp, its usual flare slightly dwindled. He pulled it from his shoulders along with the minimalist cut military jacket. Folding each neatly before placing them safely to the side. He regarded his opponent a moment, his preference for the Gladius or Xiphos put on hold for weapons of old. The first he had toyed with as a child. A pair of hook sword, gleaming white became evident, their spiked hilt slightly elongated, while the curved and bladed guard was more akin to a crescent moon that some of the straighter affairs. Beneath the coat, his vest was an inky black, 'studded' leather the rough equivalent here as it had adapted, as did the vambraces along his forearms. His movement forwards ended roughly ten feet from his opponent, turquoise gaze almost seeming ablaze as he settled, body seeming loose, though ready as if a coiled spring. His right foot slid forwards, rotating his body to a 45 with his right shoulder leading. Sword held at a slightly rising angle to Caden's left with his arm half extended forwards. His left arm drew up, half cocked, the sword turning his his grip until he held it underhanded. At last those lips curved into the barest hint of a smirk. He intended to end this quickly. ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "In atypical fashion Caden arrived in a casual and visible walk through the gates and into the pit or ring. It was against all odds that he was here, this backwoods world at the behest of Fenris. His brother in arms and the Primoris Ultonis. The nonplussed look across his features was a strong indication of desire. But a Primoris could never truly decline a challenge they were what they were after all. "}, "post-69599": {"user": "Raoul Ferdinand", "user_num": 2168, "timestamp": "1497776256000", "message": "Raoul burst out laughing. The imperious walk, the smug dickheaded smirk, the pretend armor. The joke weapons. Clearly, he had been mislead as to the nature of this bout. Caden  was obviously not the stick-up-ass tool he had been expecting. Clearly, the man had a finely-honed sense of the ridiculous himself.\u201cGod, damn, man!\u201d He called out. \u201cAnd I thought I was playing at foolish games\u2026\u201d He laughed again, squeaking his ducky menacingly in Caden\u2019s direction. But a fight was a fight, and he did keep his guard up as he laughed and spoke. A silly game it might be, but it was a silly game he fully intended to make a good showing in.He eyed Caden\u2019s stance appraisingly. Holding the sword angled between them, he stepped forward, moving his left foot up, then stepping out with the right, maintaining his stance as he closed some of the distance. He twitched the point of his rapier forward slightly, then dropped back into his ready stance. Perhaps he was testing Caden\u2019s defense. Or maybe he was just goofing around. He did time the motion with another squeak of the ducky, after all.", "link_list": ["/user/2383"], "image_list": [], "html": "Raoul burst out laughing. The imperious walk, the smug dickheaded smirk, the pretend armor. The joke weapons. Clearly, he had been mislead as to the nature of this bout. "}, "post-69601": {"user": "Caden", "user_num": 2383, "timestamp": "1497777977000", "message": "The Primoris paid little if any mind to Raoul and his antics, his foolishness would be his downfall. However the more grievous error was to have engaged with Caden in the first place. There was a small saying back home that the quickest way to commit suicide was battling a Primoris. Instead his gaze paid mind to the mans pose, his shifting and Caden merely watched, waited. It was when his foe stepped out with the right that Caden made his first movements, stepping off line with his left foot and to his opponents right. Closing the distance while Raoul toyed with his rapier in the non-committed twitch. Another step with Caden's right would see Caden beginning to flank Raoul, moving to the outside of his thrusting arm. Though unless he acted as each step was always forwards at an angle he would begin to lose ground and move inside the Rapier's threat range for a thrust. Caden still held his right arm half extended however the blade began to dip down as his right rotated slightly with his movement. The left arm cambering further.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "The Primoris paid little if any mind to Raoul and his antics, his foolishness would be his downfall. However the more grievous error was to have engaged with Caden in the first place. There was a small saying back home that the quickest way to commit suicide was battling a Primoris. Instead his gaze paid mind to the mans pose, his shifting and Caden merely watched, waited. It was when his foe stepped out with the right that Caden made his first movements, stepping off line with his left foot and to his opponents right. Closing the distance while Raoul toyed with his rapier in the non-committed twitch. "}, "post-69630": {"user": "Raoul Ferdinand", "user_num": 2168, "timestamp": "1497809804000", "message": "Instead of circling, Raoul simply stepped forward and right, bringing himself off-line and keeping Caden  to his front at the same time, as well as closing the distance a bit more. \u201cAh\u2026. the quiet type, I see. Or is it that\u2026 how do you say? El gato has got your tongue? Do not be ashamed. I am a very pretty man. You are not the first to get flustered and lose confidence when I approach.\u201dAs he spoke, Raoul again stepped forward and right as Caden took his second step, denying his opponent\u2019s circling and closing the distance more. As he moved, he flicked his wrist and straightened his elbow, snapping a vicious cut down at Caden\u2019s right knee. The strike would come at an angle, slightly from Caden\u2019s right to left, but mostly down, and taking advantage of the more than a foot of extra reach in Raoul\u2019s favor, from well outside of Caden\u2019s measure.", "link_list": ["/user/2383"], "image_list": [], "html": "Instead of circling, Raoul simply stepped forward and right, bringing himself off-line and keeping "}, "post-69661": {"user": "Caden", "user_num": 2383, "timestamp": "1497834716000", "message": "More words and banter, a mistake in the world of combat where actions took less time than words by a significant margin. More it appeared that Raoul was under the impression Caden intended to duel him, to... fence him. He was a warrior not a duelist, they were trained to win, not play. He almost felt himself grin as Raoul stepped closer, and then closer again. As previously mentioned unless Raoul had acted Caden would slip inside the threat range of the Rapier. But his foe, while preventing the flank had only closed that distance more and over estimating the reach of his weapon as Caden's stance was not an extended one. And he was now inside the true threat range of the rapier in part thanks to his foe. The right hook sword already having begun to rotate downwards previous would continue its trek. A turn of the wrist and a slight movement of his right arm outwards to Caden's right would easily see the attempted strike from the Rapier thwarted. Though Caden was already on the move, he wasn't the hesitant type and his explosion of movement came in tandem with the beginning of Raoul's strike. Which meant the impact of his blade against the rapier would be just inside the foible at the crux of the forte. Caden's movement and explosive step, pushing off with the right leading foot while his right arm finally began to extend, pushing forwards and down which in addition to his forwards momentum should easily see his hook sword and the rapier slide together in a bind at the guard. Caden's wrist turning at the bind seeking to pinch and partially lock the rapier between the hookswords blade and crescent bladed 'guard'. But most importantly the parry and bind in tandem with the forwards motion would push the rapiers and the attending arm to Caden's right, Raoul's left essentially using it block the rest of his body from acting.The act more than likely leaving Raoul's right side now exposed to Caden's whims, the explosion of movement a full commitment would see his right foot landing just before Raoul's leading foot. Up close and personal that rapier was useless, but Caden's left arm however was not, and as his shoulders turned, his left arm previously chambered executed a vicious strike, the goal was simply the armpit and space where the full plate needed a gap for the movement of his arm. While he had momentarily contemplated piercing the armor at the side, he opted for the greater weakness. The longer almost dagger like spike of the reverse gripped hook sword if it found home would not only disable the rapier arm, but Caden was hardly gentle here, he couldn't kill his opponent but that didn't mean he couldn't maim him. And perhaps a medic could staunch the bleeding of the axillary artery that would potentially be severed. ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "More words and banter, a mistake in the world of combat where actions took less time than words by a significant margin. More it appeared that Raoul was under the impression Caden intended to duel him, to... fence him. He was a warrior not a duelist, they were trained to win, not play. He almost felt himself grin as Raoul stepped closer, and then closer again. As previously mentioned unless Raoul had acted Caden would slip inside the threat range of the Rapier. But his foe, while preventing the flank had only closed that distance more and over estimating the reach of his weapon as Caden's stance was not an extended one. And he was now inside the true threat range of the rapier in part thanks to his foe. "}, "post-69678": {"user": "Raoul Ferdinand", "user_num": 2168, "timestamp": "1497861298000", "message": "Caden  was a warrior. But he was apparently a stupid, blind warrior with poor sense of distance and timing, as well as being overconfident and clumsy. While he had thought he was a mind-reader and could tell that Raoul had over-estimated his reach, he was entirely wrong. And as previously stated, unless Raoul acted, Caden would close inside his measure\u2026. So Raoul had acted. Having estimated his own reach with precision and skill, he had, as previously stated, launched his attack from well beyond Caden\u2019s reach, and no amount of not having an extended stance would change or retcon that, no matter how much Caden\u2019s player pretended otherwise.Of course, the simple parry was easy. Raoul had attacked directly into Caden\u2019s guard, after all. Like a fool, Caden had taken the bait and leaped into the parry with fully committed explosive speed. After all, the only way to push off of your leading foot while moving forward is to lean one\u2019s body in front of it, then jump. Unfortunately for him, pushing his blade out and down didn\u2019t create the bind he had hoped for. The low cut had turned Raoul\u2019s hand knuckles out, and all he had to do was raise his arm to lift the blade away from the attempted bind and present the point directly to Caden\u2019s chest and let him run into it with his fully-committed, explosive movement. All of which happened from well over a foot beyond the ability of the substantially shorter tiger hooks to reach his body. Apparently, the hardened warrior had forgotten some very fundamental rapier techniques, and had no concept that secunda transitioned into prima so smoothly.If, after spitting himself like a pig for the roast, Caden still felt up to worrying about his left arm, which he had apparently locked back in his chambers three or four times today (which was probably for the best, considering that the rest of him had exploded three or four times already), then he would swiftly learn that Raoul had come dressed for a real fight with sharp implements, not for an SCA bout. As actual armor, and not a prop, Raoul\u2019s plate included substantial besagews, and any remaining gaps were still protected by heavy mail and the gambeson beneath. His goofy upwards jab would have had little to no chance of actually severing major arteries even if he hadn\u2019t already impaled himself on Raoul\u2019s sword. It was slightly less stupid than his initial impulse to stab directly into the side of the breastplate, at least, where it would have had less than zero chance of penetrating the plate armor even if Raoul taken the armor off and laid it on a table at a convenient height and angle for him to strike.Not that Raoul would simply stand still and let it happen, of course. Caden would have to run up four feet of rapier before he could get close enough to make a jabby dagger-style strike anywhere near Raoul\u2019s armpit. No matter how explosive his movement, clearing that distance would take Caden time. And in that time, Raoul, he of the mongoose reflexes, would already be gone. Twisting clockwise as Caden had fully committed to his move to Raoul\u2019s right, the fencer slid gracefully back and away, like water flowing around a stone.With a cheerful laugh, he again squeezed the rubber ducky. Squeak.", "link_list": ["/user/2383"], "image_list": [], "html": "<span itemscope=\"\" itemtype=\"http://schema.org/Person\"><a class=\"user-link js-user-link user-2383 group-0\" href=\"/user/2383\" itemprop=\"url\" title=\"@caden\"><span itemprop=\"name\">Caden</span></a></span>"}, "post-69679": {"user": "Caden", "user_num": 2383, "timestamp": "1497867995000", "message": "Caden had already established the initial distance and timing at the beginning of the engagement, no amount of wishful thinking or self supposed mastery or skill that his opponent believed he held would change that. Not only was Raoul firmly within Caden's reach from his forwards push, but simply raising his arm wasn't going to free the rapier of the bind. Unless he could somehow pass the rapier through Caden's sword. It seems that Raoul forgot the actual shape of the weapon or how motion worked. Simply 'moving it up' would merely catch it and of course, even if he could he wouldn't have had room to thrust anyway. Which meant simply Raoul's right side was free to Caden's attack as his forwards movement was not impeded at all. Had he chosen to puncture the side of the armor it would have. Plate armor wasn't impervious, no matter how much its owner might have wished it so. Dedicated spikes could pierce it, but apparently warbows among other things didn't exist here or Raoul would long since be dead. A shame Caden wasn't allowed to kill him here. (I'll just leave this one example here. =)  )Given that fact, the extra retroactive protection would do little at all to impede Caden's strike beneath the arm. Which he had free reign of. And since his opponent had done nothing to actually prevent Caden from closing in or striking, his momentum would be carried over. His right foot acting as the pivot while he stepped with his left, moving to truly flank his hindered foe. The move driving the spike deeper yet as he pushed his arm upwards, using his right leg then to step 'between' Raoul's legs just beyond his leading foot, acting as a hook for Caden's continued momentum along with the upwards push as a means to topple the knight from his feet. Withdrawing the spiked end as his opponent should fall. It was hard enough to return to your feet in plate armor, let alone with one arm likely useless and bleeding out. Of course Raoul \"of the mongoose reflexes\" would likely and conveniently forget how much such plate armor\u00a0AND heavy mail AND the gambeson would actually impede his movement and reaction speed. It was a wonder the man could even move properly, let alone attempt to wield a rapier... which was a finesse weapon. Not that it mattered anymore. But since the Primoris was unable to finish his foe properly, given the rules of the arena. This fight was most likely over. ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Caden had already established the initial distance and timing at the beginning of the engagement, no amount of wishful thinking or self supposed mastery or skill that his opponent believed he held would change that. Not only was Raoul firmly within Caden's reach from his forwards push, but simply raising his arm wasn't going to free the rapier of the bind. Unless he could somehow pass the rapier through Caden's sword. It seems that Raoul forgot the actual shape of the weapon or how motion worked. Simply 'moving it up' would merely catch it and of course, even if he could he wouldn't have had room to thrust anyway. Which meant simply Raoul's right side was free to Caden's attack as his forwards movement was not impeded at all. Had he chosen to puncture the side of the armor it would have. Plate armor wasn't impervious, no matter how much its owner might have wished it so. Dedicated spikes could pierce it, but apparently warbows among other things didn't exist here or Raoul would long since be dead. A shame Caden wasn't allowed to kill him here. (I'll just leave this one example here. =) "}, "post-69680": {"user": "Raoul Ferdinand", "user_num": 2168, "timestamp": "1497880133000", "message": "Caden  imagined a great deal after impaling himself on Raoul\u2019s sword, apparently. For example, he imagined a world where he had launched his attack from several feet closer than he actually had because he apparently thought two short steps that weren\u2019t even directly towards his opponent would carry a person ten feet closer to him. Or perhaps one in which he could teleport himself forward. Or one where could go back in time, and pretend the phrase \u201cfrom well outside of Caden\u2019s measure\u201d had never been written.But he didn\u2019t live in that world, and so Raoul\u2019s attack had been launched from well outside Caden\u2019s measure, exactly as written, no matter how hard he wished it hadn\u2019t been after the fact.He also imagined a world where lifting a hand meant the exact same thing as lifting a sword. One where he could at the same time pretend to have expertise and also pretend he didn\u2019t know what the shift from Secunda to Prima entailed. One where pushing out and down against a sword near the point would prevent it from slipping the bind at pointing directly at his chest because his parry was sloppy and he was too busy \u201cchambering\u201d his off-hand to apply any defensive measures.But he didn\u2019t live in that world, and so Raoul\u2019s blade had slid up when his own moved down, sliding right off of it and presenting the tip to Caden\u2019s body.He went on to imagine a world where Raoul would be required to thrust rather than simply hold the sword and watch Caden\u2019s committed, explosive motion cause him to leap chest-first onto the point like a suicidal maniac that had no idea how swords work. One where careless berserker charges would carry the day against skilled fighters.But he didn\u2019t live in that world, and so Raoul standing and holding his ground for a fraction of a second would be sufficient to put a foot of steel through Caden\u2019s chest.Caden then imagined a world where sloppy little jabby motions had the power of a warbow to penetrate armor. A world where people would ever bother to wear heavy armor if some goon with a knife could just stab right through it. One where low-power movements were the equivalent to some of the most powerful weapons of the age. One where actual battle armor was the equivalent of junky Museum Replicas costume pieces.But he didn\u2019t live in that world, and he could not stab through actual plate armor that way to injure the man wearing it, and neither could war bows, even at close range.He then went on to imagine a world where a person wearing plate armor from the start only had \u201cretroactive protection\u201d against attacks rather than protection clearly described and presented from the start. Where simply denying plain facts could make any attempts to point them out retroactive. Where his utter lack of actual knowledge and expertise would be flashed up for all to see, and if it was, he could just bullshit his way out of it without anyone noticing.But he didn\u2019t live in that world, and he was making an ass of himself.Next, Caden imagined a world where wearing plate armor, and then stabbing him in the chest, and then moving out of the way added up to \u201cnothing to prevent Caden from closing in or striking.\u201d One where all of his imagined worlds came together perfectly such that he had somehow gained complete freedom to stab Raoul in the armpit and then move around him some more and push him down and call himself the winner of a match in which he had literally jumped onto the point of his opponent\u2019s sword.But he didn\u2019t live in that world, and none of it had come together for him, no matter how much he imagined that it might.Then, for some reason, he imagined a world where plate armor was largely restrictive of movement and knights were basically turtles that couldn\u2019t get up if they were pushed onto their backs. One where plate armor was essentially a 100lb straitjacket, apparently rendering the premier soldiers of their time unable to move and fight effectively. But alas, he didn\u2019t live in that world, either, and people in plate armor could move around just fine.And so, Raoul had slipped away from his opponent, opting for forego the cartwheel or ninja roll at the moment.Fortunately, the arena wards would prevent a sword in the chest from killing Caden, but that was really the only thing he had going for him. If he stayed on his feet and wanted to pretend he hadn\u2019t just lost, he would find Raoul standing, sword in hand, in the same relaxed ready position, squeaking the rubber duck threateningly.", "link_list": ["/user/2383"], "image_list": [], "html": "<span itemscope=\"\" itemtype=\"http://schema.org/Person\"><a class=\"user-link js-user-link user-2383 group-0\" href=\"/user/2383\" itemprop=\"url\" title=\"@caden\"><span itemprop=\"name\">Caden</span></a></span>"}, "post-69709": {"user": "Caden", "user_num": 2383, "timestamp": "1497930523000", "message": "(Given the ruling that Raoul was not able to re-position his sword, the block and bind did occur and the strike to his side did in fact happen, albeit at a glancing blow due to Raoul starting to twist. This post will continue from there.) So it seemed his foe managed to escape the finishing blow of his left hookswords spike by virtue of armor alone. The slight twist of Raoul's movements as he attempt to adjust causing the spike to glance. His opponent wasn't the first he had fought with armor, and the Primoris found they often became too overly reliant on it. Yet despite the blow glancing Caden held the superior positioning, with the rapier held in the bind, and Caden's explosive forwards momentum putting him outside of the sword arm and now very very close. The rapiers blade was basically meaningless and no longer a threat for the moment.Still his opponent was attempt to backstep now, natural for a fencer with a rapier but as said before this wasn't a fencing match, Caden had no intention on engaging in battle of 'techniques'. Unfortunately for Raoul however, Caden wasn't simply going to stop his forwards momentum because his initial hard hitting strike didn't end the bout. And despite the fact that his foe was attempting to backstep, the nature of the timing after his forwards movement would create a loss in tempo as he had to shift from forwards to back. Meanwhile the Primoris continued moving forwards. With his foe turning as he was, Caden wasn't about to try and continue flanking him, but instead move through him. Caden, the Primoris Fulminis, known mainly for his speed. Diminished as it was now to a normal level would still take a page out of his fathers book. Caden was not exactly a small man, standing at 6'2 with a long stride and wider shoulders. The right foot which had landed just outside of Raoul's leading foot would again act as the means of continued movement. And Caden's left arm, already pulling back just enough to clear the spike of the armor for a second strike against Raoul. Given the blades still in bind, the fact Raoul's sword arm was blocking any real defense from Caden's position, there would be little to stop the next blow from that spike straight to his opponents helmet. This happening in tandem with Caden's right shoulder slightly dipping, adding more pressure to the bind as instead of trying to continue to the flank Caden drove into Raoul with the full explosion of his movement. Coupled with the transition to a back step from Raoul and the blow to the head, which might very well just puncture that plate armor too. Well it wasn't looking very good for his opponent as there was not only a strong possibility of the spike causing lethal damage to the skull (Protected by the ward sadly) but the blow and impact of Caden should easily stagger and possibly topple the would be knight. Though should Raoul maintain his footing, the left hand would hardly be idle, moving to strike the head of his staggered foe again...\u00a0", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "(Given the ruling that Raoul was not able to re-position his sword, the block and bind did occur and the strike to his side did in fact happen, albeit at a glancing blow due to Raoul starting to twist. This post will continue from there.) "}}