{"post-14288": {"user": "The Realm of Titania", "user_num": 637, "timestamp": "1445808261000", "message": "Faeries are very tricky to deal with. Many can easily be diagnosed with bi-polar disease to an extreme degree, but I wouldn't tell them that if I were you. So this is a compile of rules that should help you if you ever come across some faeries.Faeries are able to use an ability called glamour, the skill of being able to change their appearance to anything they wish it to be. They also have the power to levitate. They do not fly. The only material that can harm a faerie is iron. The most effective is just pieces of cold wrought iron (beating raw iron instead of smelting it). Big or small, it will be sickening to them.Always be very generous. Be kind to them in your home. You should always treat strangers with the utmost care because you never know if it could be a faerie in glamour.\u00a0Pray that you do not have the gift of Sight. Faeries are very private beings. If a human can see them when they're using their glamour to be invisible, they will rip out the eyes of the human because they are so offended.If you wish to see them, a self-bored stones. These are stones that have a hole in them made by a river, not human hands. The stones will also protect one from being taken.Faeries love to party. Some faeries like to dance naked. Some like to have large feasts. Some like to go out and destroy human structures. Each court is different, but all of them have two things in common: drinking and music.If you enter The Realm of Titania, be careful not to eat anything or else you will become a faerie yourself and be bound to the realm for one hundred years while you learn the intricate rules of court, society, and the caste system.Be wary whenever making a deal with a faerie. Never think that you can get away with out returning the favor.Never, by no means, ever tell a faerie \"Thank you\". You must always tell that that you are grateful for what they have done. \"Thank you\" is a large breach of etiquette.\u00a0To get in a faeries good graces, place food out on your porch or doorstep in a bowl. Now, make sure to replace it once a day because faeries have the ability to remove the essence (nutrients) from the food, leaving the shape/husk behind. They will be very unhappy if they come back to find husks or dust. Another good way is to have a wild unkept garden with plenty of flowers.As said before, faeries are very private beings, so be extra careful not to stumble or crash a party. You will be punished severely.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Faeries are very tricky to deal with. Many can easily be diagnosed with bi-polar disease to an extreme degree, but I wouldn't tell them that if I were you. So this is a compile of rules that should help you if you ever come across some faeries."}}