{"post-75165": {"user": "Tower of Eons", "user_num": 2332, "timestamp": "1510105288000", "message": "This thread contains everything about \" the Tower of Eons\"  Each section will have   \"spoiler\" style drop menus so you don't have to read everything, or accidentally read spoilers.  This thread will be updated at least weekly. General information and history SPOILER: Click to showWhat is the Tower of Eons and how has it come to exist?SPOILER: Click to show----The tower of Eons is a living being that feeds off of emotion, lifeforce, and magic of adventurers within its depths. The tower of eons was originally created to be a focal point of the Oshela and served as a place of learning and training, not only in the Magical arts, but everything from swordsmanship to herbology was studied within its extensive halls. But that was not it's the only purpose. The tower served as a safe haven for those who had no place else to go. In exchange for a year of service, a person could obtain a private room and three meals for the duration of their stay. Service ranged from cleaning to assisting Entries. ----The reason the tower feeds off of the above forces is by design. If you wished to learn, you must pay rent so to speak. Lifeforce grants an entry into a higher level of the tower, at which more resources were at disposal of the Entry, while emotion and passive magical energy fueled the \"public spaces\". The amount is so low that the creators felt no need to offer a choice on the matter.  Is the Tower of Eons good or evil? SPOILER: Click to showThe alinement of the Tower vastly depends on the Tower master. The Tower master is someone who has made their way to the top of the Tower and requested to keep the Tower in order. The Tower and master are linked psychologically and magically. Giving the Tower master near god-like control within the confines of the tower aside from the core functions. To help the Tower Master keep a sense of order in such a vast space, The prior tower masters leave imprints within the tower, and in a sense give it it's own personality. This, unfortunately, has landed us in our current state Where did the Tower of Eons come from? SPOILER: Click to show Oshela will never be found on a map, at least not of this world. As it is not part of the realm we know. Oshela resides within a different realm, very much like our own. The tower links our realm and theirs... but not only the two. Why? The reason the tower is linked through many different realms is to gather knowledge, The Oshelain people revered understand and knowledge above all else and sought to gather and spread as much as they could, and upon discovering a way to walk between realms they quested to bring all the realms knowledge together for the sake of all races.   In doing so they found a way to allow the tower to not only move from place to place but from space to space as they understood it. With the Focal point for all realms being the main floor.  ", "link_list": ["javascript:void(0);", "javascript:void(0);", "javascript:void(0);", "javascript:void(0);"], "image_list": [], "html": "This thread contains everything about \" the Tower of Eons\"  Each section will have   \"spoiler\" style drop menus so you don't have to read everything, or accidentally read spoilers.  This thread will be updated at least weekly. "}, "post-75167": {"user": "Tower of Eons", "user_num": 2332, "timestamp": "1510113869000", "message": "Creatures, Factions/groups, Notable NPC's and Items found within the tower.Creatures / racesSPOILER: Click to showNoteworthy beast! (bosses/ mini bosses)SPOILER: Click to show Rog nah-sun, seventh Basilisk of Nor.SPOILER: Click to show an ancient beast lurking within the depths of the Tower of Eons. This whurm spans several hundred meters in length and is covered in a thick hide which Sucrets an acidic bile as means of defense.  Rog terrorized Nor for nearly six hundred years before his greed drove him into the Tower of Eons and was not seen for many years.  After the  Breaking of Chains by the thirteen slave knights Rog fought for control of the tower again Kah in a battle that shook the foundation of the Tower its self. Despite being slain by Kah, Rog's likeness still haunts the tower to this day.  Creatures( Hostile )The Korgan :SPOILER: Click to show The Korgan , chimera like beast , at one time human the Korgan were twisted by magic and madness against their will into the vile brutish creatures we have come to know. Standing on average of nine feet tall they tower over many mortal men. ranging from Lizard like beast to Fowl, A Korgan could be mistaken for many other mythical creatures one might encounter in the tower,\u00a0 but upon closer inspection one will likely find miss matched limbs and skin.\u00a0The Korgan form a rather tight knit society all things considered, and while not the most intelligent creatures, they are capable of speech, logic and reasoning. However they have a taste for the flesh of humans and a lust for blood that is perhaps unrivaled.\u00a0 They are rather cowardly when faced alone, there are many cases of a skilled swords men sending one or two of them fleeing for their lives ; but a group of Korgan lost to the bloodlust tend to be relentless in their pursuit of their prey.\u00a0 The Kashmahn :SPOILER: Click to show\u00a0to be updated.The ceaseless whispers :SPOILER: Click to showplaceholder text Races Dahl'shonSPOILER: Click to showLizard-like folk More recent editions to the tower and are responsible for \" the poisoning\" GetihSPOILER: Click to showThe second race to enter the tower, Fox humanoid creatures The Krell :SPOILER: Click to showHuman like beings with a talent for knowing when someone lies. Draghan : :SPOILER: Click to showHuman like beings that have little concept of emotion. They have a need to collect things of Value. They can sense others emotions, and in the case of humans share memories and feelings... Which is intoxicating. Factions/groupsSPOILER: Click to showThe thirteen slave knights. :SPOILER: Click to showplaceholder textThe Hounds of Dor'mahn:SPOILER: Click to show  Noteable NPC'sSPOILER: Click to showSevr Al-min Pantai :SPOILER: Click to showA Krell from Osegith, Spymaster for the High Council of Thirteen, Former slave knight Kah Al-Sim Dor'mahn :SPOILER: Click to showa Draghan from Osegith Current Tower master. Avel Su-Sim Dor'mahn :SPOILER: Click to showa Draghan from Osegith, Avel had been trapped between worlds and was trying to escape. A former slave knight. Jin Dalahan.SPOILER: Click to showa Draghan from Osegith.Former Archmage of the High Council of thirteen. Former Slave knight. Currently trapped within the Tower by Kah as punishment for some ill deed. Mahshun Sal-nah Mordae :SPOILER: Click to show A Krell from Osegith, Former slave knight.\u00a0 Wounded during the breaking, her current whereabouts are unknown. Older sister of Sorema.\u00a0 Sorema Sal-nah MordaeSPOILER: Click to show  A Krell from Osegith, Former slave knight. Current whereabouts are unknown. The younger sister of Mahshun . Sorema was a dedicated healer and a gifted spell crafter who founded the study of \"compulsion\"\u00a0 magic in secret.\u00a0 Kaf The Wise:SPOILER: Click to showlocated on the 70th floor of the tower waits a blind Dahl'shon known as Kaf. A former tower master. Chester, Fes and Dobber.SPOILER: Click to showThree goblin brothers. The woman washing armor:SPOILER: Click to showa woman by a riverside, beneath a large willow tree washing blood from plate armor. Her features were youthful, with raven hair falling past her shoulders. She was clad in soft white making her stand out in nature. Her eyes looked up at the viewer as if he had happened to her in surprise. Mary Fairweather:SPOILER: Click to showSister of Hester Fairweather. Gareth Darbane:SPOILER: Click to showCaptain of the \"Hounds of Dor'mahn\" ItemsSPOILER: Click to show The monument to the Fallen:SPOILER: Click to show  Place holder text  (the) All mother Alters/ pools : SPOILER: Click to show  Place holder text  the Horn of Kah:SPOILER: Click to showplaceholder text The Ruby hilt Dager of Avel. :SPOILER: Click to showplaceholder text The Western Seal :SPOILER: Click to showplaceholder textThe red stone doorway:SPOILER: Click to showJin Dalahan : \" ----I watched people enter the Doorway and never return, I have seen people enter the doorway and return stark raving mad, and I have seen some comeback hollow shells of their former selves, only to waste away because they did not know even how to feed themselves or drink water.--- The doorways are not evil or good, as far as my studies have found, but they are extremely dangerous. A person can only enter the doorway three times, and you do not know what you will see until you are there.\"The Golden Fox head ax / Ax of Mahshun SPOILER: Click to show   textetexttext  ", "link_list": ["javascript:void(0);", "javascript:void(0);", "javascript:void(0);", "javascript:void(0);", "javascript:void(0);", "javascript:void(0);", "javascript:void(0);", "javascript:void(0);", "javascript:void(0);", "javascript:void(0);", "javascript:void(0);", "javascript:void(0);", "javascript:void(0);", "javascript:void(0);", "javascript:void(0);", "javascript:void(0);", "javascript:void(0);", "javascript:void(0);", "javascript:void(0);", "javascript:void(0);", "javascript:void(0);", "javascript:void(0);", "javascript:void(0);", "javascript:void(0);", "javascript:void(0);", "javascript:void(0);", "javascript:void(0);", "javascript:void(0);", "javascript:void(0);", "javascript:void(0);", "javascript:void(0);", "javascript:void(0);", "javascript:void(0);"], "image_list": [], "html": "Creatures, Factions/groups, Notable NPC's and Items found within the tower."}}