{"post-59676": {"user": "Kargth", "user_num": 2077, "timestamp": "1485412862000", "message": "Kargth awoke, although he did not feel his eye lids opening nor did he see any noticeable change in light. He blinked, trying to let his eyes adjust to the darkness. Once again that peculiar sensation of not feeling his eye lids move. Pushing that strange sensation to one side. Kargth noticed that he seems to be laying down, trying to sit up he was immediately met with resistance, that being a slab of rock about an inch from where his face was. He heard a clang of metal on rock, realizing he was wearing complete body armor. Which was strange, since he did not feel its cold touch on his skin. Raising his arms up slowly from where they where resting on his chest Kargth began feel around. There were slabs of rock beside him as well, again only an inch from where he laid. Raising his hands to the ceiling, if that is what you could call it, he pushed. There was a shuddering noise and then suddenly the rock began to give way. Raising the slab above him Kargth discovered that his ceiling was merely a lid. Sliding it to on side Kargth slowly rose himself from his apparent tomb. Now the light levels began to change. Now he could see, if only barely.Above where he lay was a statue. Almost seven foot tall it was menacing. A knight of frighting size looked down at him, his head lowered facing the ground. In his two hands he held a sword pointing downwards in rest, its metal gleaming black with etched runes running down the mid shaft of the blade. Heaving himself out of his prison Kargth realized that he lay in an actual coffin made of rock. Across the surface of the rock there was etched the same runes that ran down the sword. Confused Kargth raised his right arm to scratch the back of his head. When he felt his hand blocked by sharp, hard metal. He was wearing a helmet as well. Yet he felt no weight on his head. Raising both hands now to his neck he tried to release the clamps that held his full helm in place. Undoing the straps he pulled off his helm and turned it around so look at it. It was the same helm the statue wore. Confused Kargn then tried to scrach his head. But yet when he moved his hand to where his head was, he felt nothing. Feeling around now, in a slight sense of panic he moved his hand down to the top of the chest piece and raised it to his neck. There was nothing but the hole where his neck would be. Feeling the edge of the armor he dared not stick his hand down into the empty cavity where his chest could be. Panicking now Kargth looked wildly around, finding a long burnt out torch on the walls of this stone walled room. Grabbing it he looked again for something that he could create sparks with. Finding a stone lying on the ground near the statue he grabbed the sword, intent on lighting the room and finding some sort of reflective surface. The sword blazed bright orange at his touch. Lighting the room instantly and casting long dark shadows. He let go of the swords hilt in surprise, the flame going out as quickly as it had came. Looking around in shock, he could see no one else. Dropping the stone that he clutched in his left gauntlet Kargth slowly and cautiously raised his hand to the handle of the sword once more. As his gauntlet wrapped itself around it, once more the sword began to blaze. Yet the fire did not burn him, it didn't even heat up his armor. Carefully freeing it from its place in the hands of the stone sentinel he brought it slowly towards himself. He could see his reflection in the now blazing dark steel. Where his head should be, there was nothing. Almost dropping the sword he grabbed his helmet from where he had rested it on the stone coffin and fastened it quickly back on to his armor. Afraid of something leaking out. Raising his sword above him like a torch he began to survey his surroundings. Stone on all sides, cold and uninviting, dust was layered centimeters thick on the undisturbed surfaces. Yet the light was coming from somewhere before. Placing the sword on top of his late tomb and releasing the handle darkness enveloped him once more but there was light. Seeping in through cracks on the far wall, facing the large statue. Walking towards it, his armor jangling as metal touched metal. He felt the far wall. Pushing it gently the wall it did not budge. Pushing harder now, he could sense ancient stone beginning to move. Backing up from the wall Kargth raised his armor covered foot and kicked it with all his strength. The stone cracked more, even more light shun now through the cracks. He raised his foot again, now howling at the top of his voice he kicked and the stone gave way, blowing outwards. Light now encompassed him and his surroundings. An overgrown cemetery. Dozens of tomb stones and small buildings such as his could be seen sticking out in between trees and vines. Grabbing his sword from its resting place and holstering it in the buckles on his back, Kargth stepped out into the world of the light. ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Kargth awoke, although he did not feel his eye lids opening nor did he see any noticeable change in light. He blinked, trying to let his eyes adjust to the darkness. Once again that peculiar sensation of not feeling his eye lids move. Pushing that strange sensation to one side. Kargth noticed that he seems to be laying down, trying to sit up he was immediately met with resistance, that being a slab of rock about an inch from where his face was. He heard a clang of metal on rock, realizing he was wearing complete body armor. Which was strange, since he did not feel its cold touch on his skin. Raising his arms up slowly from where they where resting on his chest Kargth began feel around. There were slabs of rock beside him as well, again only an inch from where he laid. Raising his hands to the ceiling, if that is what you could call it, he pushed. There was a shuddering noise and then suddenly the rock began to give way. Raising the slab above him Kargth discovered that his ceiling was merely a lid. Sliding it to on side Kargth slowly rose himself from his apparent tomb. Now the light levels began to change. Now he could see, if only barely."}, "post-59677": {"user": "Kargth", "user_num": 2077, "timestamp": "1485416339000", "message": "It was almost blinding, the light from the sun made Kargth close his eyes. Or at least, shut himself off from the light. He didn't quite understand how he was closing them. Stumbling out of the tomb that he had come from Kargth surveyed his surroundings. It was about mid day from what he could tell from the sun above him, at least when it peaked behind the massive canopy. Walking slowly towards the closest tomb stone. His armored boots leaving massive indents on the forest floor. The armor, now clearly visible in the light was made of jagged black metal. Crisscrossing across his chest in strange patterns. He raised his fists to look at the gauntlets he wore. Similar design, a dark metal with an under cloth of black chain mail and leather, showing no flesh at all. He was completely enveloped by the armor he wore.\u00a0Reaching the nearest tombstone he tried to discern any writing etched upon it, but it was too faded. Washed away by the wind and weather nothing could be seen anymore. Kargth then moved to the next tombstone and the next trying to find any writing at all, but there was none. Not even a hint of any indentation. Some of the stones where even broken, or chipped. Over grown and retaken by the forest around it. He moved towards one of the massive tombs, similar to the one he was housed in. His footfalls reverberating across the forest. He smashed open on of the walls, similar to how he had done to escape his own tomb. Inside he found a similar stone coffin with a statue holding a sword as well. In curiosity he touched the handle of the statues weapon. No blaze of light. Slightly disappointed he looked down at the stone box beneath the statue. It too was etched with the same runes as his own, protected from the weather. He tried to push the lid aside to discern \u00a0its occupant. It did not budge. He pushed harder straining from the effort. Yet it did not relent. Stepping back he could see the runes covering the coffin blaze white and the slowly fade. It seemed magic was a foot here, stopping him from even budging the stone.\u00a0He stepped out of the tomb again and tried again with the next one, with similar results. It looked like only he was meant to appear. Why he did not know. With that thought it struck Kargth. He did not know anything, he could only remember one word. Kargth. That was it. He did not know how he was or why he was here, nor how to speak or write. He was trapped within in his own mind, unable to express himself in any way.\u00a0He howled. Deep and guttural. Expressing his frustration with himself, unable to express in anyway. Birds flew from their perches, and the forest floor rustled as animals took off in fright at sound of his voice. Looking at one of the many black tomb stones Kargth realized with a jolt. How long had I been there? For the weather to remove the etchings on stone it would have to be over two hundred years! With that Kargth made a choice. He could either stay here and look among the dead, or he could search for how he was. There must be some records, somewhere that could help him.And with that, Kargth left the forgotten graveyard of his rebirth and headed into the foreboding forest.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "It was almost blinding, the light from the sun made Kargth close his eyes. Or at least, shut himself off from the light. He didn't quite understand how he was closing them. Stumbling out of the tomb that he had come from Kargth surveyed his surroundings. It was about mid day from what he could tell from the sun above him, at least when it peaked behind the massive canopy. Walking slowly towards the closest tomb stone. His armored boots leaving massive indents on the forest floor. The armor, now clearly visible in the light was made of jagged black metal. Crisscrossing across his chest in strange patterns. He raised his fists to look at the gauntlets he wore. Similar design, a dark metal with an under cloth of black chain mail and leather, showing no flesh at all. He was completely enveloped by the armor he wore.\u00a0"}}