{"post-35235": {"user": "The Inferno Assembly", "user_num": 1440, "timestamp": "1461803788000", "message": "A beautiful, artful street, every shop situated across this short, straight of road carried the emblem of The Inferno Assembly on large, flowing, red banners of exquisite design. Shopkeepers lounged in their luxurious stores, surveying the street for the nearest customers, waiting to sell their high-quality goods for exorbitant prices.\u00a0The shops had came suddenly, replacing the drab, cheaper stalls of before, seemingly overnight. The scents and smells of the stores drew people in. If the citizens of Israel were cats, this street would be catnip. It was irresistible. Exotic goods and foods lined the shelves, different and interesting.\u00a0Everyone had come to the grand opening. You wouldn't want to miss it.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "A beautiful, artful street, every shop situated across this short, straight of road carried the emblem of The Inferno Assembly on large, flowing, red banners of exquisite design. Shopkeepers lounged in their luxurious stores, surveying the street for the nearest customers, waiting to sell their high-quality goods for exorbitant prices.\u00a0"}, "post-35422": {"user": "Whir", "user_num": 1105, "timestamp": "1461884169000", "message": "\u00a0 \u00a0On his way out of Isra and to the orphanage to donate his clothing, Whir passed by a street he had been by several times during his stay in the city. But the street was completely different today. It was lined with new vendors and banners. Somewhat surprised and very curious, he decided to check it out before he left town.\u00a0 \u00a0He'd walk from stall to stall, checking the vendors' goods to see if there was anything that might be of use to him in his travels, or something that was just interesting enough to purchase for its own sake.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "\u00a0 \u00a0On his way out of Isra and to the orphanage to donate his clothing, Whir passed by a street he had been by several times during his stay in the city. But the street was completely different today. It was lined with new vendors and banners. Somewhat surprised and very curious, he decided to check it out before he left town."}, "post-35531": {"user": "Attla, the Conniving", "user_num": 1225, "timestamp": "1461940123000", "message": "Attla was dressed in a robe of red - to commemorate the true opening of the Inferno Assembly. Grand designs, depicting dragons highlighted by gold thread, adorned the robe. He was in a more or less agreeable mood for this day. He had expected the renovations to take far longer than he had expected - but it looked as if the place had been furnished speedily and professionally.He stepped upon a wooden pedestal, in the centre of the street. Eyes diverted themselves to his elevated figure. He was sure to be of importance, he was obviously behind this operation; one could tell from a mere look. He tapped his staff once, a command to the nearby patrons to immediately give their fullest attention to him. He began with a grin of cordiality, mixed in with a slight edge of excitement.A voice as smooth as butter was carried from his thin lips, beginning his long-winded speech. He must put off his exterior intentions; first impressions are of utmost concern.\"At last, I bring every one of you here today, in a perhaps late announcement. My name is Attla and I am the owner of all these stores, as you might well have noted. Besides whoever I may be, my announcement is not an introduction, but a welcoming. A welcoming to all citizens of Isra, to all people of this land, to my humble Street of Red. We shall provide you with the highest-quality services, exotic carpets with the ability to fly, alcohol brewed with pure gold and a sword made of a lich king's tongue! Unimaginable goods, found nowhere else!\"He decided to finish it with a pause, then delivering a final line, to drive the point home. Perhaps even to create a slogan; he did not plan.\"You'd be a fool to miss out on such an opportunity!\"He was sure it was convincing. His silver tongue had stayed strong, even to such a large crowd. He breathed in, a sharp intake of breath. He hoped the crowds are not to be too raucous on this occasion.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Attla was dressed in a robe of red - to commemorate the true opening of the Inferno Assembly. Grand designs, depicting dragons highlighted by gold thread, adorned the robe. He was in a more or less agreeable mood for this day. He had expected the renovations to take far longer than he had expected - but it looked as if the place had been furnished speedily and professionally."}, "post-35735": {"user": "Whir", "user_num": 1105, "timestamp": "1462128318000", "message": "\u00a0 \u00a0Every word in the man's speech wrung of charlatan. Whir only stayed long enough to look at some nicely colored stones before getting back on his way.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "\u00a0 \u00a0Every word in the man's speech wrung of charlatan. Whir only stayed long enough to look at some nicely colored stones before getting back on his way."}, "post-36374": {"user": "The Free States of Isra", "user_num": 1454, "timestamp": "1462445525000", "message": "The griffins soared overhead, attempting to track their targets, but the throng of people and the smoke in the air made it night impossible. Everyone was fleeing in the same direction, and trying to land their griffins in the crowded streets would only cause further civilian casualties. With a curse, Captain Aurelius sent a platoon back to the plaza to assist while the remaining two remained overhead, in the forlorn hope that the perpetrators would reveal themselves. It was going to be a long night.The area would have to be locked down until they had found those responsible. With a heavy sigh he gave the order.\"Squads, fan out and block all streets exiting this area, check everyone trying to get through.\"He had counted 7 streets total if one squad could block the end quickly. Two squads of five full-plated riders, with similarly armored griffins landed at the end of the main road, their griffins blocking the road. The three intersecting streets were blocked off by a squad on each side. Some people had gotten through before they landed, but they could only hope that they were just front runners and not the ones they were after.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "The griffins soared overhead, attempting to track their targets, but the throng of people and the smoke in the air made it night impossible. Everyone was fleeing in the same direction, and trying to land their griffins in the crowded streets would only cause further civilian casualties. With a curse, Captain Aurelius sent a platoon back to the plaza to assist while the remaining two remained overhead, in the forlorn hope that the perpetrators would reveal themselves. It was going to be a long night."}, "post-36376": {"user": "The Inferno Assembly", "user_num": 1440, "timestamp": "1462447784000", "message": "They had prepared for such an event, however drunk the Inferno Assembly members may be. Moving into the shop's of the Street, they quickly stripped down, acquiring the robes of the various members of the ember district. Burning the old clothes they may have on, they went onward, mingling with the crowd, acting as if they were terrified by the new threat of Griffin attack. They knew the escape plan. It would require them to stay low for a decent while, it might take the Wyvern riders hours to actually locate them. As far as they knew, they were just strangers within the crowd.They prayed to Glavilidom to survive. It was not their fault they had got themselves into this situation. They merely had tried to practice hedonism, to hail their God. But the Isra Ian government obviously does not accept their differing beliefs. They were pious, however and they pressed on, the hope of Glavilidom shining into their sorry souls.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "They had prepared for such an event, however drunk the Inferno Assembly members may be. Moving into the shop's of the Street, they quickly stripped down, acquiring the robes of the various members of the ember district. Burning the old clothes they may have on, they went onward, mingling with the crowd, acting as if they were terrified by the new threat of Griffin attack. They knew the escape plan. It would require them to stay low for a decent while, it might take the Wyvern riders hours to actually locate them. As far as they knew, they were just strangers within the crowd."}, "post-36379": {"user": "The Free States of Isra", "user_num": 1454, "timestamp": "1462448879000", "message": "Any members of the Inferno Assembly would be halted along with the rest of the crowd. No one was being allowed in or our for the moment until they received new orders. The griffins had a vague idea of the scent, and were on the lookout for anyone smelling strongly of smoke. Should any member of the Inferno Assembly involved in the attack get within the first couple ranks of the crowd, a griffin will notice them.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Any members of the Inferno Assembly would be halted along with the rest of the crowd. No one was being allowed in or our for the moment until they received new orders. The griffins had a vague idea of the scent, and were on the lookout for anyone smelling strongly of smoke. Should any member of the Inferno Assembly involved in the attack get within the first couple ranks of the crowd, a griffin will notice them."}, "post-36420": {"user": "The Free States of Isra", "user_num": 1454, "timestamp": "1462477072000", "message": "The sight of the dragon caused the populace to panic and the Dawn Rders gave up all efforts in trying to hold back the crowd. They mounted their griffins and took off, flying in formations designed to counter dragon attacks. The arsonists were no longer of concern to them, the dragon was their sole target now. ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "The sight of the dragon caused the populace to panic and the Dawn Rders gave up all efforts in trying to hold back the crowd. They mounted their griffins and took off, flying in formations designed to counter dragon attacks. The arsonists were no longer of concern to them, the dragon was their sole target now. "}}