{"post-80336": {"user": null, "user_num": null, "timestamp": "1520769105000", "message": "The massive port just west of the main city is probably the safest place to dock compared to any shore or Fusei port around the island - and is a major source of traffic in and out of Yueqiu, as well as Dongshu itself. The piers and docks are constantly bustling and busy preparing and loading and unloading ships of every kind - trade, travel or military. In addition to the busy location, fishing villages are settled within a very tight vicinity of the port, as well as in the very heart of the place - thus making it a very self-sustaining town in goods and food and resources.Of course, due to the activity and the amount of military and authoritative presence, Fusei sightings and encounters are rather slim. ", "link_list": [], "image_list": ["https://i.imgur.com/bL2uR5d.jpg"], "html": "The massive port just west of the main city is probably the safest place to dock compared to any shore or Fusei port around the island - and is a major source of traffic in and out of Yueqiu, as well as Dongshu itself. The piers and docks are constantly bustling and busy preparing and loading and unloading ships of every kind - trade, travel or military. In addition to the busy location, fishing villages are settled within a very tight vicinity of the port, as well as in the very heart of the place - thus making it a very self-sustaining town in goods and food and resources."}, "post-84002": {"user": "Vidkun Wewelsberg", "user_num": 2250, "timestamp": "1531686166000", "message": "A rather tiny, lone vessel drifted into the waters. It bore no markings and a rather paltry sail, in addition to only one passenger. Nevertheless it came in quite swiftly, the lone passenger clearly a foreigner with sharp, intuitive eyes on the look for something. ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "A rather tiny, lone vessel drifted into the waters. It bore no markings and a rather paltry sail, in addition to only one passenger. Nevertheless it came in quite swiftly, the lone passenger clearly a foreigner with sharp, intuitive eyes on the look for something. "}, "post-84016": {"user": null, "user_num": null, "timestamp": "1531747387000", "message": "The tiny little boat brought about heads of those in the vicinity of where it was coming in to dock, many people staring from beneath their hats and shielding their gaze from the sun with their hands. Meanwhile, the rest of the docks were bustling with activity and chatter, larger vessels of a few men each coming and going through the swaying waves - bearing nets of fishermen for those heading out, and hauling in hefty catches for those coming in. There was a small handful of larger vessels for far trade travel overseas, docked and continuing to be loaded or unloaded.A single guard walking the wharf happened by the miniscule thing bobbing in the waters and stopped, planting the butt of his pike to the planks beneath his boots and waiting, watching in curiosity and caution.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "The tiny little boat brought about heads of those in the vicinity of where it was coming in to dock, many people staring from beneath their hats and shielding their gaze from the sun with their hands. Meanwhile, the rest of the docks were bustling with activity and chatter, larger vessels of a few men each coming and going through the swaying waves - bearing nets of fishermen for those heading out, and hauling in hefty catches for those coming in. There was a small handful of larger vessels for far trade travel overseas, docked and continuing to be loaded or unloaded."}, "post-84096": {"user": "Vidkun Wewelsberg", "user_num": 2250, "timestamp": "1532226551000", "message": "The foreigner would disembark from his vessel, not tying or properly docking it as though he didn't care if it drifted off or was stolen. He approached the guard present, his foreign nature more and more clear as his innocent blue eyes narrowed - if his tall wide brimmed hat and other attire had not given that away already. A hand was raised in something between greeting and salute from serviceman to serviceman. The arrival would speak the local tongue perfectly when he opened his mouth, save for a few loan words. \"Hello! Do you know of where I can find or learn of magics of the land, or daemons, or the otherwise paranormal malign?\"", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "The foreigner would disembark from his vessel, not tying or properly docking it as though he didn't care if it drifted off or was stolen. He approached the guard present, his foreign nature more and more clear as his innocent blue eyes narrowed - if his tall wide brimmed hat and other attire had not given that away already. A hand was raised in something between greeting and salute from serviceman to serviceman. The arrival would speak the local tongue perfectly when he opened his mouth, save for a few loan words. \"Hello! Do you know of where I can find or learn of "}, "post-84123": {"user": null, "user_num": null, "timestamp": "1532352161000", "message": "The soldier looked past the man once just to note the vessel that was... untied. That was begging to be scrapped or used for someone else. But the man didn't seem to mind too much. The soldier straightened up and glanced over the attire for a few moments before seeming to relax a little. He spoke with a hard accent, but his Common was actually very clear - indeed, this looked like a foreigner. It was part of the reason he preferred to work the docks, as he could talk to visitors without much of a language barrier.\"Magic and demons are not something to be taken lightly, traveler,\" he replied, leaning on his pike a little in a casual demeanor. \"Magic is something sorcerers do, and yokai. Even the monks do a little, to stop the yokai and oni.\" He brought a hand up in a loose fist with aim to give the man a rather friendly thump on Vidkun's breast. \"That being the, the 'daemons' you speak of, I think. The library in Yuequi might have some tomes and scrolls on hand.\"", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "The soldier looked past the man once just to note the vessel that was... untied. That was begging to be scrapped or used for someone else. But the man didn't seem to mind too much. The soldier straightened up and glanced over the attire for a few moments before seeming to relax a little. He spoke with a hard accent, but his Common was actually very clear - indeed, this looked like a foreigner. It was part of the reason he preferred to work the docks, as he could talk to visitors without much of a language barrier."}, "post-84128": {"user": "Vidkun Wewelsberg", "user_num": 2250, "timestamp": "1532393779000", "message": "A mirthless smile came across the foreigner's lips, while with his hand he reciprocated the gesture that the guard had made. \"Worry not master guardsman, I do not practice magic I merely pray to my God. Indeed, I am here to merely learn of and codify those that exist here to return information about them to foreign lands. And, my desires with this information are not nefarious you must fear not. My interests lie in ridding the world of these yokai as you say. In our tongue I am Malleus Maleficarum, I am the hammer of daemons, of witches. But, I thank you for the suggestion. In foreign lands I am all but blinded, I'll remember this.\" With that he tipped his hat and then walked off into the crowd toward the library. ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "A mirthless smile came across the foreigner's lips, while with his hand he reciprocated the gesture that the guard had made. \"Worry not master guardsman, I do not practice magic I merely pray to my God. Indeed, I am here to merely learn of and codify those that exist here to return information about them to foreign lands. And, my desires with this information are not nefarious you must fear not. My interests lie in ridding the world of these "}}