{"post-85678": {"user": "Darya", "user_num": 3186, "timestamp": "1539137707000", "message": "The Cheshire is truly something out of a story book. The establishment itself is located a few feet off of a narrow dirt path that winds precariously through a seeming normal forest. But underneath its twisting canopy of leaves, life is abundant, and ancient creatures are not a rarity. Though it is a popular place among locals, not many foreigners can be found here, for the outside of the cafe much resembles a natural rock face. It's not until you get inside, does the true beauty of the cafe reveal itself. The moment you walk in you're greeted by a rich, woody smell, complimented by floral fragrances and coffee. The walls and floors are made of a reddish-brown African mahogany. The only source of light comes from strings of fairy lights, gathered along the tops of the walls. Rounding the corner leading from the entrance, you're brought into the main room of the cafe, where peculiar baristas tend the bar and the other customers meander about. A massive, living tree can be seen off to the left, a spiral staircase winds around it, leading up to the floor above. The limbs stretch out over the entire room, hiding the ceiling itself. Strings of fairy lights are woven between the branches; some hang down over tables, providing a soft, warm atmosphere. Other fairy lights dance around the room, seemingly with a mind of their own. They bumble about, listening in on conversations or gently pestering those just trying to read and enjoy their coffee. Wooden tables and chairs are situated closer to the bar. Along the walls, between bookshelves, and in the corners are large, fluffy lounge pillows in an array of warm, earthy colors. Soft music plays overhead, never heard quite the same by any two people\u2026 Nestled within the base of the tree, is a large oak door, ancient by glance, a popular destination for guests. If one were to venture through it, and down the large root filled stair way behind it, they would find themselves in an underground cave of sorts. Massive stalagmites hang from the ceiling above, covered in bioluminescent creatures of all sorts. Their light sheds upon the massive lake sitting in the middle of the cave, its calm water lapping peacefully at the shore. Many a being can be found swimming in the body of water, admiring the exotic creatures and plants that lie below. Though this only scratches the surface of what The Cheshire truly is, but the rest if for you to find out\u2026", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "The Cheshire is truly something out of a story book. The establishment itself is located a few feet off of a narrow dirt path that winds precariously through a seeming normal forest. But underneath its twisting canopy of leaves, life is abundant, and ancient creatures are not a rarity. Though it is a popular place among locals, not many foreigners can be found here, for the outside of the cafe much resembles a natural rock face. It's not until you get inside, does the true beauty of the cafe reveal itself. The moment you walk in you're greeted by a rich, woody smell, complimented by floral fragrances and coffee. The walls and floors are made of a reddish-brown African mahogany. The only source of light comes from strings of fairy lights, gathered along the tops of the walls. Rounding the corner leading from the entrance, you're brought into the main room of the cafe, where peculiar baristas tend the bar and the other customers meander about. A massive, living tree can be seen off to the left, a spiral staircase winds around it, leading up to the floor above. The limbs stretch out over the entire room, hiding the ceiling itself. Strings of fairy lights are woven between the branches; some hang down over tables, providing a soft, warm atmosphere. Other fairy lights dance around the room, seemingly with a mind of their own. They bumble about, listening in on conversations or gently pestering those just trying to read and enjoy their coffee. Wooden tables and chairs are situated closer to the bar. Along the walls, between bookshelves, and in the corners are large, fluffy lounge pillows in an array of warm, earthy colors. Soft music plays overhead, never heard quite the same by any two people\u2026 "}, "post-85681": {"user": "Julius Tobago", "user_num": 3183, "timestamp": "1539143130000", "message": "Not many foreigners may have been found there, but 'there' is what one foreigner found. Well... Julius couldn't help but be grateful. He'd been lost for days, and goodness, what a wonderful place to find himself after wandering around the forest for so long! He could almost kiss the rock face of the establishment- although in actuality, he didn't, because it would have gotten his clothing dirty. He felt like he stepped into heaven itself as soon as the rich scents of coffee and floral fragrances. For a moment, he simply... stood at the door. Normally, he was quite confident in himself, and would have strode in without a second thought. However, as he took a moment to adjust the pack on his back, he found himself a bit awestruck at the sheer beauty of the place. It only lasted for a minute or two before he came to his senses. Or, rather, his curiosity overwhelmed any sense of wonder, especially when he saw the books lined neatly upon the bookshelves. He walked over and began to peruse them... ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Not many foreigners may have been found there, but 'there' is what one foreigner found. Well... Julius couldn't help but be grateful. He'd been lost for days, and goodness, what a wonderful place to find himself after wandering around the forest for so long! He could almost kiss the rock face of the establishment- although in actuality, he didn't, because it would have gotten his clothing dirty. He felt like he stepped into heaven itself as soon as the rich scents of coffee and floral fragrances. "}, "post-85685": {"user": "Darya", "user_num": 3186, "timestamp": "1539145997000", "message": "A few heads turned as the foreign traveler entered the safe confines of The Cheshire, but none confronted him. Though as he neared the books, he would find that they were arranged randomly, as if one had simply thrown them there for decoration. Their titles, on the other hand, were a bit more in depth, ranging from large classics to short poems.\u00a0If\u00a0Julius were to lift his head to give the lofty room another glance, he eyes would first find the large oak door at the base of the tree. Then his pupils would venture to the counter where many a Barista buzzed behind, dishing out varying sizes of drinks, many a small baked good, and most commonly, small cups of fresh coffee.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "A few heads turned as the foreign traveler entered the safe confines of The Cheshire, but none confronted him. Though as he neared the books, he would find that they were arranged randomly, as if one had simply thrown them there for decoration. Their titles, on the other hand, were a bit more in depth, ranging from large classics to short poems.\u00a0"}, "post-85686": {"user": "Silas", "user_num": 139, "timestamp": "1539146740000", "message": "Not being able to bare the painful memories that clung to the city, Silas had left Isra in search of some diversion in his remaining days. As his leg had been broken so too was his soul shattered. Death, loss, heartbreak; these emotions he carried openly. They were chains of remorse that clanged sorrowfully for all to hear, but were all that connected him to happier times. Such feelings had faded into the static of his subconscious, keeping him alive in the face of a much more sinister prophecy. He was a doomed man and he knew it.Perhaps he could have avoided the curse if he had lived his life differently. There were time that he should have made a stand or kept true to his beliefs, but he had always sought the easy way out. Well nothing was easy now. Not even walking from the door to the bar. Having grown cynical to things of beauty and magic he endeavored to cling to his melancholy. Sadness what all that kept the fear at bay. After a few stiff drinks Silas turned to whoever looked like they might listen, \"You know, it all started for me in a place like this. A magical forest. Bar on a dirt road. Heh! I've been walking around in circles my whole life. Limping now.\" He struck the floor with his cane. Leaning the chair back on two legs he used the finely carved stick to help balance. \"Ya know,\" His tirade continued and did not seem to become more sane, \"I'm a dead man walking. The name's Silas, but you'll probably never use it. I'm just some undeveloped character written out of a play. I'll die off stage and the audience wont ever know I was gone. I'm cursed I tell you. If I weren't such a coward I would end it all now. Tried once, but even that didn't work. Cursed to live and cursed to die. Heh! But arn't we all?\"", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Not being able to bare the painful memories that clung to the city, Silas had left Isra in search of some diversion in his remaining days. As his leg had been broken so too was his soul shattered. Death, loss, heartbreak; these emotions he carried openly. They were chains of remorse that clanged sorrowfully for all to hear, but were all that connected him to happier times. Such feelings had faded into the static of his subconscious, keeping him alive in the face of a much more sinister prophecy. He was a doomed man and he knew it."}, "post-85689": {"user": "Julius Tobago", "user_num": 3183, "timestamp": "1539147751000", "message": "Julius was blissfully oblivious to the staring as he looked through the books, carefully taking the time to read the titles; however, he was careful not to touch any of them. Not yet. Hm.. how much would any of these sell for, he wondered? Not that he was the type to steal things- no, he was much more cultured than to settle for simple thievery. If he were a thief, he supposed, he would much rather be stealing diamonds and riches than mere books. Ah, but, Julius was no thief. He was simply a traveling merchant- as much as one in training could be- and a poor one at that. And yet, dreams of grandeur and fame had prompted his first steps into leaving home. The end of the bookshelves naturally pulled young Julius out of his thoughts, and he finally took a moment to look around the room. Oh, was this place a cafe? He finally understood just what kind of establishment he had wandered into, as evidenced by the baristas serving fresh coffee and baked goods, of which caused his mouth to water. Ah, what he would give for such a treat. Julius reached to his side to grab his coin purse, and....He found it to be empty. Shocked, he froze in place. How-- How was he flat broke?! He was a MERCHANT. How could this be...? And then he remembered just how much his outfit cost him the last time he'd been to a city, of which was now already worn and dirty from his travels. Oh, the humanity! With a sigh, he thought to himself that becoming a well-established merchant was going to be very difficult indeed. With one, pouting glance towards the counter, he decided that the smell and sights of such delicious temptations was too much for him, and decided to leave that particular room. He walked to the large oak door at the base of the tree and opened it--- And stopped. A voice caught his attention. So, instead of leaving, he paused at the door for a moment as he listened. Why... this man sounded crazy. Perhaps, just crazy enough to get some money off of. Legally, of course, he wasn't a savage after all. His dreams of coffee and buns were saved! He closed the door and walked closer. A curse? What curse? He was so curious, but this sort of thing took some tact. \"A limp, you say? Is something wrong with your leg, traveller? Ah- do forgive me, perhaps that was a little straightforward.\" Julius more properly approached the raving man. \"I am Julius, and your story caught my attention. Can you tell me more?\" Yes, tell me what I can sell to you, he thought. ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Julius was blissfully oblivious to the staring as he looked through the books, carefully taking the time to read the titles; however, he was careful not to touch any of them. Not yet. Hm.. how much would any of these sell for, he wondered? Not that he was the type to steal things- no, he was much more cultured than to settle for simple thievery. If he were a thief, he supposed, he would much rather be stealing diamonds and riches than mere books. "}, "post-85690": {"user": "Silas", "user_num": 139, "timestamp": "1539149342000", "message": "\u201cOh, uh. It's good of you to ask.\u201d Was this man really going to engage in conversation? Silas had grown use to most people ignoring him in his pitiful state. \u201cLet me buy you a drink! Whatever ya like.\u201d Anything to get the man to stay longer. \u201cThe curse, well\u2026\u201d Silas shivered as terror crept up his spine, \u201cIt all started in Isra, well perhaps before then, I don't know. These three weird priests told me my fortune. They knew things. ALL the things. My whole life. And they told me something was coming...coming to claim my soul. They said it was linked to their quest and that is why we had crossed paths. I didn't believe it at first but that night I knew something was watching me from the shadows. I think I would be dead already if it weren't waiting\u2026 waiting for something. I don't know.\u201dNot wanting to off put this Julius to soon, Silas made an attempt at conversation, \u201cSo uh, you like books?\u201d As was typical of those who fell into madness he quickly brought the conversation back to himself, \u201cI was once quite the reader. Oh the things one can learn from books. Ask me any questions about this world and I bet I've read about it somewhere. Go on\u2026\u201d", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "\u201cOh, uh. It's good of you to ask.\u201d Was this man really going to engage in conversation? Silas had grown use to most people ignoring him in his pitiful state. \u201cLet me buy you a drink! Whatever ya like.\u201d Anything to get the man to stay longer. "}}