{"post-57815": {"user": "Doctor Vuist", "user_num": 2001, "timestamp": "1481241473000", "message": "This is the farm of the Vuist family, which has rested on the Free Plains for many generations. Though the right honorable Doctor Vuist is far too busy to come all the way down to the Free Plains to tend to the farm, his lodger and magical instructor Veras is willing to check in on the farm every morning and evening to see that all is in proper order. It's a nice enough place, with plenty of cattle, sheep, goats, chickens, and a small trout lake. Adjacent to the farmhouse is a garden that grows zucchini, strawberries, and alchemic ingredients, and large fields boast wheat and either cabbage or corn depending on the season.", "link_list": [], "image_list": ["https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/6/63/John_Glover_-_Patterdale_farm_-_Google_Art_Project.jpg"], "html": "This is the farm of the Vuist family, which has rested on the Free Plains for many generations. Though the right honorable Doctor Vuist is far too busy to come all the way down to the Free Plains to tend to the farm, his lodger and magical instructor Veras is willing to check in on the farm every morning and evening to see that all is in proper order. It's a nice enough place, with plenty of cattle, sheep, goats, chickens, and a small trout lake. Adjacent to the farmhouse is a garden that grows zucchini, strawberries, and alchemic ingredients, and large fields boast wheat and either cabbage or corn depending on the season."}, "post-72226": {"user": "Sebastian 'Bastian'", "user_num": 2488, "timestamp": "1503955495000", "message": "One foot in front of the other, a sigh left Bastain as he kept going forward. The night had settled in and the man gave a yawn. Even with his unnatural stamina and energy, he needed sleep. Even with his madness though he knew that sleeping in the wide open was bad. Even if this was farm land. There could be dangerous things out here. Still, he kept walking forward. A blink left him as he swung his arms about. Starting to fall back into doing nothing but random as he walked when he felt his hand hit something. The hard surface made him paused and a look to his right revealed the fence that no doubt helped keep someone's property marked; or helped to keep the cattle and other live stock in for when they were out to pasture. Hosting himself up, Bastian continued along while walking on the top of the fence. A smile on his face as he did so, finding slight amusement from it till a foot missed one of the logs and the man let out a surprised sound as he ended up face planting on the ground.\"Well then...\" a muffled voice left the man before he sat up. \"That was short lived.\"Then again, what ever lasted long term besides madness? Sure one person with it would die but it always had a act, a act for finding a new host of sorts. Course as the man stood up and brushed himself off, he paused. Finally taking note of the house that rested so close to him. No fires were lit it seemed, either someone was asleep or no one was home. Bastian found himself stuck between a choice. A choice to go up to the door and try to seek shelter. Or to go on his merry crazy way, and find a different place.\"Now that...is a very tricky question, my skeletons in da closets!\" Bastian said out loud with a chuckle.The odd man, merely started to pace as he thought it over.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "One foot in front of the other, a sigh left Bastain as he kept going forward. The night had settled in and the man gave a yawn. Even with his unnatural stamina and energy, he needed sleep. Even with his madness though he knew that sleeping in the wide open was bad. Even if this was farm land. There could be dangerous things out here. Still, he kept walking forward. A blink left him as he swung his arms about. Starting to fall back into doing nothing but random as he walked when he felt his hand hit something. The hard surface made him paused and a look to his right revealed the fence that no doubt helped keep someone's property marked; or helped to keep the cattle and other live stock in for when they were out to pasture. "}}