{"post-3473": {"user": "Isra - The Free City", "user_num": 255, "timestamp": "1433277371000", "message": "To the citizens of The Free City, or anyone interested in becoming one,The Free City is looking for experienced and talented individuals to take office in official state positions, as well as strong soldiers and leaders to become officers in the military. The positions currently available are:Field Marshal: this important position entails acting as the day-to-day head of The Free City's military. You will work directly under the Lord of the Free City and obey the will of the people and their representative Assembly members. You will be required to handle logistics and organization and, in times of war, act as both strategist and commander on the fields of battle. Currently available.Justice Governor: this important office handles the law and rules that bind the people of The Free City together in safety. The Justice Governor is responsible for maintaining a force of peace-keeping guards, courts, fair judges and juries, the prison and punishment system and also for putting new laws into practice. Currently available.Treasurer: this important office is in charge of state finances, including handling official transactions, bookkeeping and maintaining the treasury vault within The Citadel. In addition, the treasurer must also maintain a small force for collecting tax, purchasing/selling on behalf of the government and transporting gold to wherever it is due.In addition, the legions that make up the armed forces of The Free City require commanders, with the official rank General, to lead them. There are seven such positions available and each General will work directly under the Field Marshal to handle the recruitment, logistics, supplies, armaments, training and delegation of ranks within their legion. In addition, Generals are expected to be strategist and commander both in times of war to lead their legion, and consequently the entire army, to victory. Legions can also be customized to some degree by the Generals in charge, such as a legion having a name or moniker or its own unique legion banner or speciality.\u00a0First Legion: available.Second Legion: available.Third Legion: available.Fourth Legion: available.Fifth Legion: available.Sixth Legion: available.Seventh Legion: available.\u00a0See more information here!", "link_list": ["http://thefantasysandbox.boards.net/thread/328/free-city-government-demographics-military"], "image_list": [], "html": "To the citizens of The Free City, or anyone interested in becoming one,"}, "post-3803": {"user": "crassus", "user_num": 302, "timestamp": "1433538291000", "message": "\"Greetings, Crassus Enterprises has recently become aware that you are looking to re haul your military and civilian structures. Although We are a civilian and mercantile concern we can no provide you with the martial side of those reforms.However we have a long standing working relationship with the Imperial military as a logistics partner and procurer of supplies. we therefor want to offer our services to you if you at any time feel in the need of additional logistic support, a logistical overhaul or the procurement of arms, armor or supplies.Aside from our outstanding capacity to provide for your armed forces we allso over varius services of use to the civilian sector of government.  With our kind regards, Crassus of Crassus EnterprisesPecunia non olet\"", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "\"Greetings, "}}