{"post-28544": {"user": "Elaria", "user_num": 1193, "timestamp": "1457928298000", "message": "One of the more prominent villages seemed to lie on the edge of the world, owing its success to the great walls that had been erected around its perimeter. It stood defiantly in the face of The Wilds. Resembling a fort more than a town, there were a few guards [as many could be spared] who patrolled the battlements overlooking the lands below. Like a vanguard, the city served as the first warning for any would be invaders be it that of warring kingdoms or the creatures that dwelled in the mist covered woods. It was more or less the -central hub- for the surrounding villages. A place of commerce, where farmers and merchants from all walks of life gathered to peddle their wares. They lined the cobbled streets that lead up to the gates, though seldom entered the city itself. Plumes of smoke billow fervently from the various forges scattered about Elaria.Like black clouds they drift lazily across the sky blocking out the sun casting the town in somber gray. Everything about the town seemed depressed even its people walked around with sullen faces as if there was something weighing on their minds. They were preoccupied with their own troubles and held outsiders in disdain. Rumors spread like wildfire tales of people disappearing in the dead of night-- and because of these strange occurrences a strict curfew was enforced, marked by the passing of day to night and with the tolling of Church Bells. There was power behind that sound which the people followed obediently, the town being under the control of the church. Ash fell from the sky like a flurry of snow, lightly dusting over the streets and roofs of buildings. Air hissed with an ominous wheeze as workers toiled great bellows, like the deck of a ship rocking back and forth to heat the coals.They worked tirelessly at a steady pace to keep the flames going through the night; Beating faintly like a heart.Current Events: The town has been plagued by creatures who feed on the flesh of humans, giving them the appearance and memories of those that they consume, allowing them to assume the life of their victim and live among the town's people unnoticed. Their numbers  have been on the rise and with the competition for food they are no longer able to conceal their presence. This has attracted the attention of Hunters and Mercenaries alike. The town has promised a sum to anyone who can help rid them of these creatures. ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "One of the more prominent villages seemed to lie on the edge of the world, owing its success to the great walls that had been erected around its perimeter. It stood defiantly in the face of The Wilds. Resembling a fort more than a town, there were a few guards [as many could be spared] who patrolled the battlements overlooking the lands below. Like a vanguard, the city served as the first warning for any would be invaders be it that of warring kingdoms or the creatures that dwelled in the mist covered woods. It was more or less the -central hub- for the surrounding villages. A place of commerce, where farmers and merchants from all walks of life gathered to peddle their wares. They lined the cobbled streets that lead up to the gates, though seldom entered the city itself. Plumes of smoke billow fervently from the various forges scattered about Elaria."}, "post-28545": {"user": "Rowen", "user_num": 1171, "timestamp": "1457928371000", "message": "Tink,\u00a0the soft metallic chime of metal reaming against stone could be heard as the balled tipped end of a lance strikes against ground. Slowly a figure donning a white cloak could be seen approaching the town, passing through the rows of tents and stall that were being abandoned now as the people returned to their homes. The male approached the gate, bare slightly dirtied feet carrying him effortlessly towards the arching entrance. 'That's far enough stranger. State thy business .' One of the guards called out, emerging from behind the wicket gate wielding a spear of his own. He looked over the stranger, tapping the tip of the spear impatiently against the iron gates. A crest bearing the signet of The Order is thrust towards the guard and he immediately backed away.'Err right this way.' he stammered, motioning towards the door.... though it was in that moment he took note of that crimson cloth which covered the individuals eyes, his own widening in disbelief.He was the one sent by The Order? He was the one to come to their aid? The guard snorts softly, insulted by the very thought. 'Where are the rest of them?' a half expectant gaze cast over the male's shoulder, face contorting in despair when he came to the conclusion that there was NO ONE ELSE. And with a soft groan, he moves to the side allowing The Lancer to enter unhindered-- willing to accept whatever help they could get even that of a blind man. 'You must be Rowen, I heard of your arrival so I've come to give you a proper greeting..' he looked over the man, now standing at the entrance to the Black Lotus, an inn located towards the center of town. The Inn was more welcoming to guests than other parts of the town. \u2018Are you injured, Father?\u2019 Asked The Lancer.The priest was slightly taken aback by the questions, mostly because he knew that the lancer was not able to see the blood that still dripped from his hands or those stains which matted the fabric of his cloak. He shook his head ruefully, \u2018The blood isn\u2019t mine, I\u2019m afraid. My medical wards are becoming quite full as of late. I lend a hand whenever I can. My heart bleeds for the people.\u2019 Hands wipe against the sleeves of his habit, before he continued. Those discerning eyes looking over the male through those thick rimmed glasses. 'The capital must be confident in your abilities to send you, alone. I'm grateful you have arrived. I would wish to talk to you further in private. Come by the Cathedral once you get settled. There is a curfew being enforced so you will need this to wander along at night.' As he spoke he forced another seal into the man's hands, before disappearing into the night. Rowen accepted seal, slipping it into the folds of his cloak. Father Gabriel's introduction was brief though soon he was walking out once more into the empty streets following the sounds of the bells as the tolled in the night. Leaving the male standing there, musing quietly to himself over what the priest had just said-- there would be much to discuss later about the current state of the town, perhaps the Father simply did not wish to alert the people-- the air surrounding the town was already tense enough and it felt that any little thing was enough to set it off and the arrival of the stranger did not help things. However within the walls of the Black Lotus things were a bit more 'light-hearted' people sat in stoic silence rather than wearing permanent scowls. A few of the locals were gossiping about disappearances of the previous nights.. attempting to make since of things though seldom were they ever to really find a reason. Lips part releasing a small puff of air as Rowen turns once more making his way towards the bar where he was greeted by the bar maid, Lillian.'I would like a room..' the soft jingle of coin could be heard as he tossed a coin pouch onto the counter. ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "<b>Tink,\u00a0</b>"}, "post-29313": {"user": "Treva Briarheart", "user_num": 1168, "timestamp": "1458421520000", "message": "\u00a0 \u00a0Treva finally spotted the village whose smoke she'd been following for several hours. Several days ago, she had heard of a small walled town under attack from some sort of undead menace. As a cleric of Xivri, goddess of life and healing, she could not ignore their calls for aid. No stranger to the malice of undead, she knew she could help this town eradicate the menace, grieve for their lost, and begin the process of healing.\u00a0 \u00a0Treva spurred her horse on, the white mare a stark contrast to her dark grey and red armor and cloak. She called out to the guards as she drew near, to announce her intentions and allay their fears. \"Greetings, I am Treva Briarheart, cleric of Xivri, goddess of life and healing. I have come to lend aid in your time of trouble. To whom should I report?\" After the introduction, the dainty woman climbed down from her horse and stood facing the guards, giving a polite bow of respect.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "\u00a0 \u00a0Treva finally spotted the village whose smoke she'd been following for several hours. Several days ago, she had heard of a small walled town under attack from some sort of undead menace. As a cleric of Xivri, goddess of life and healing, she could not ignore their calls for aid. No stranger to the malice of undead, she knew she could help this town eradicate the menace, grieve for their lost, and begin the process of healing."}, "post-29321": {"user": "Elaria", "user_num": 1193, "timestamp": "1458423619000", "message": "The wicket gate creaked loudly as it swung open once more and the guard on duty rushed out  to greet the woman he approached the gates on a steed; noting her armor and the formal way and which  she spoke he figured that she must have been someone of high standing. His face seemed to brighten slightly almost  hopeful in her presence.  'Boy!' he called out, and soon a small child emerged from the gate. 'Please take Ms. Briarheart's  steed the stables.' he turned his attention to the girl once more. 'It'll  be well  taken care of, our narrow streets don't lend much use for horses.' The boy approached slowly, nodding his head respectfully towards the stranger offering to take the reins from her, and unless she  protested  the horse was led off towards the side of the gate towards the stables.  Dull eyes appeared almost vacant as if the guard was merely going through the motions, the strange occurrences of the town weighing heavily on his mind.Finally...  someone who looked like they knew what they were doing. Outsiders  to the town were  usually met with  scorn  by the people -- but he was willing to accept the offered hand. 'Right this way, Mam.' he led h her through the gates. 'Just follow the road towards the cathedral, That spire at the center of the town. There's a curfew in  effect  and regular patrols, but they shouldn't bother you if you stick to the road.' He motioned towards the  large toward  which jutted over the tops of the surrounding homes, bells  tolling in the distance as if a guide for any would be travelers. He watched her a moment  before returning to tending to the gate. -----Meanwhile-----The soft sound of coin scrapping upon wood could be heard as the bar maid slid  those gold bars across the surface of the counter. 'You're money is no good here.' Spoke Lillian, she turned towards the wall plucking a single  key that hung  there before spinning once more to face the lancer. 'Take  this, you're welcome to stay as long as you  like as you're  helping our town. Shall I bring you up some food? You must be weary after a long travel.' ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "The wicket gate creaked loudly as it swung open once more and the guard on duty rushed out  to greet the woman he approached the gates on a steed; noting her armor and the formal way and which  she spoke he figured that she must have been someone of high standing. His face seemed to brighten slightly almost  hopeful in her presence.  'Boy!' he called out, and soon a small child emerged from the gate. 'Please take Ms. Briarheart's  steed the stables.' he turned his attention to the girl once more. 'It'll  be well  taken care of, our narrow streets don't lend much use for horses.' The boy approached slowly, nodding his head respectfully towards the stranger offering to take the reins from her, and unless she  protested  the horse was led off towards the side of the gate towards the stables.  Dull eyes appeared almost vacant as if the guard was merely going through the motions, the strange occurrences of the town weighing heavily on his mind."}, "post-29325": {"user": "Treva Briarheart", "user_num": 1168, "timestamp": "1458424664000", "message": "\u00a0 \u00a0Treva nodded to the boy who took the horse. She palmed him a copper piece when she handed him the reins and smiled at him. Turning and hearing the guard out, she nods to him as he explains where to go and who to ask for. She thanks him for the directions and then proceeds down the road towards the church.\u00a0 \u00a0Unless otherwise distracted, she walks at a medium pace, keeping to herself, but taking in the layout of the town and its people as she goes. When she arrives at the church, she raps on the door with a gauntleted hand. \"My name is Treva Briarheart. I am a cleric of Xivri, and I've come to lend aid in your troubled times. I was told to ask for Father Gabriel, is he present?\"", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "\u00a0 \u00a0Treva nodded to the boy who took the horse. She palmed him a copper piece when she handed him the reins and smiled at him. Turning and hearing the guard out, she nods to him as he explains where to go and who to ask for. She thanks him for the directions and then proceeds down the road towards the church."}, "post-29336": {"user": "Rowen", "user_num": 1171, "timestamp": "1458428229000", "message": "The Lancer accepts the key with some skepticism-- it seemed that given the state of the town they could use it though he wasn't  going to argue over the merit of letting him stay for  free. Bandaged digits curly lightly around the key and he retrieved that small pouch of coins which was still sitting upon the counter. Slowly he shakes his head at the offer of food. 'I will head towards the Cathedral immediately  once I  get settled.' Pivoting upon his heels he made his way towards the stairs. The Bar-maid called out the direction to his room before returning to her task of tending to the other customers. The room was relatively small a single bed with a night stand, and a  chair. Though it would serve hi purpose. He  set his  belongings upon the night-stand, though the  lancer was not known for carrying much in his travels. he traveled light usually carrying only the bare minimum. She placed the bag of coin in  a drawer- as  well a another pouch  that contained various herbs.. and a roll of cloth and took a moment to be accustomed to his surroundings  before heading out once more[locking the door behind him]. Making his way  out onto the street, he word the seal that was offered by the priest upon his neck making sure that it was visible for any  would be guards before setting down the street in the direction that  Father Gabriel   had taken movements before. The soft ringing of those bells  slowly fading  in the distance. ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "The Lancer accepts the key with some skepticism-- it seemed that given the state of the town they could use it though he wasn't  going to argue over the merit of letting him stay for  free. Bandaged digits curly lightly around the key and he retrieved that small pouch of coins which was still sitting upon the counter. Slowly he shakes his head at the offer of food. 'I will head towards the Cathedral immediately  once I  get settled.' Pivoting upon his heels he made his way towards the stairs. The Bar-maid called out the direction to his room before returning to her task of tending to the other customers. The room was relatively small a single bed with a night stand, and a  chair. Though it would serve hi purpose. He  set his  belongings upon the night-stand, though the  lancer was not known for carrying much in his travels. he traveled light usually carrying only the bare minimum. She placed the bag of coin in  a drawer- as  well a another pouch  that contained various herbs.. and a roll of cloth and took a moment to be accustomed to his surroundings  before heading out once more[locking the door behind him]. "}, "post-29337": {"user": "Elaria", "user_num": 1193, "timestamp": "1458428294000", "message": "'Thank you.' the boy called out softly before returning to his task. The streets were relatively empty , save for a few stragglers who were still returning  to their homes, They kept their heads lowered attempting to avoid eye contact with the female  who now wandered the streets and moved at a languished pace. Doors  and  shutters slammed shut almost as Treva  passed them by. The soft clattering of armor sounded in the distance as a small  patrol wandered the street -- one of the guards turning to acknowledge the girls presences though there  was little  need to stop her or impeded her from reaching her destination. The streets  were winding,  and the buildings spaced closely  together, offering many ally ways and alternate path. The  buildings above nearly touching on the narrow  streets which  only  allowed for a few  people to pass  on either side, which was true for most of the streets. The  road  that Treva was on was one of the widest and seemed that it would allow a group of people or even a horse to wander unhindered; even so much that a horse might be able to wander the street though it seemed impractical for  the rest of the town. Soot lined the cobbled streets, filling their cracks and staining them perpetually black. Which led to  the first  few steps of the Cathedral. The building itself appearing rather grand given the rest of  the town. Long arching columns framed the grand door way. And just  above the door  was a mosaic of stained glass. The soft chimes of the bell faded now, though  there were replaced by the soft groans of the people who inhabited this place. Thump thump thump. The door creaks open allowing just  enough space for Treva to enter the one standing at the door was Father Gabriel  himself. 'Welcome Treva, that would be me.' The Church was lit dimly by  candles which were spread sparsely through the large open  cavern. A long  carpet ran from the entrance all the way towards an elevated alter and was flanked on either side by rows of pews which were lined by people Outsiders, homeless, and even  a few of  the   towns people who were too afraid to return to their homes. Bodies lay across those pews covered by white sheets and the occasional moan escaped them.  Large columns adorned  either side supporting the roof and the mural  that  had been painted upon the ceiling--'Quickly now.. there is much to discuss.'   The Father himself donned  a simple habit which had been stained in red from tending to the wounded. And he stared at her through thick spectacles, dark bags rimmed blue eyes and his complexion was pale and gaunt.  ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "'Thank you.' the boy called out softly before returning to his task. The streets were relatively empty , save for a few stragglers who were still returning  to their homes, They kept their heads lowered attempting to avoid eye contact with the female  who now wandered the streets and moved at a languished pace. Doors  and  shutters slammed shut almost as Treva  passed them by. The soft clattering of armor sounded in the distance as a small  patrol wandered the street -- one of the guards turning to acknowledge the girls presences though there  was little  need to stop her or impeded her from reaching her destination. The streets  were winding,  and the buildings spaced closely  together, offering many ally ways and alternate path. The  buildings above nearly touching on the narrow  streets which  only  allowed for a few  people to pass  on either side, which was true for most of the streets. The  road  that Treva was on was one of the widest and seemed that it would allow a group of people or even a horse to wander unhindered; even so much that a horse might be able to wander the street though it seemed impractical for  the rest of the town. "}, "post-29345": {"user": "Treva Briarheart", "user_num": 1168, "timestamp": "1458430291000", "message": "\u00a0 \u00a0Treva did as she was bid and followed the holy man inside the church. The many displaced and sick people inside could keep her busy for hours if she were given the time. \"What kind of malady has come over your people, Father? I had heard that the undead stalked your town, taking your people. I see no evidence of such here.\"\u00a0 \u00a0While she followed the man, she gripped the amulet on her chest, a holy symbol of Xivri, and said a short prayer. It would guard her from any mundane and most magical diseases, and purify the air in a small area around her, protecting those near her as well.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "\u00a0 \u00a0Treva did as she was bid and followed the holy man inside the church. The many displaced and sick people inside could keep her busy for hours if she were given the time. \"What kind of malady has come over your people, Father? I had heard that the undead stalked your town, taking your people. I see no evidence of such here.\""}, "post-29475": {"user": "Elaria", "user_num": 1193, "timestamp": "1458506123000", "message": "\"It is as you say.\" he told her as he led her down the aisle turning down one of the pews, he brought he to one of those cloth covered forms, leaning down to clasp the edge of the sheet before peeling it back, reveling the mangled being beneath. He had been bandaged seemingly from head to toe, and was missing his left arm. The man groaned pitifully and the Father leaned over him -- taking his one good hand trying to console him. \"Most of the attacks take place at night, we found him like this in the morning.\" head shaking solemnly as he spoke. \"Quite the dreadful scene, much too much blood for one man though he was the only one there when we arrived we were hoping that he could tell us more once he became coherent.\" There was a slight pause.. \"If he becomes coherent.\" The Father corrected himself, looking up at the girl through those thick spectacles, noting her reaction to the tale. \"The creatures..\" Slowly he rose, looking over those under his care. And they returned that gaze with a worried expression upon their faces .. it was obvious that the people looked up to the Father; seeming to cling upon his every word, and he seemed reluctant to speak about it so openly. He whispered a soft prayer to the lying man before drawing the sheet once more over his form. Nodding towards Treva in appreciation as she voiced her own prayers the atmosphere surrounding the church did seem to lighten if only a little bit. He began down the pews once more motioning for her to follow, though the pair did not make it very far when there came a loud and bone chilling scream. Father Gabriel froze, listening intently before turning once more and rushing towards the door--- he forced it open and ran out into the night regardless of if the girl had followed or not. ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "\"It is as you say.\" he told her as he led her down the aisle turning down one of the pews, he brought he to one of those cloth covered forms, leaning down to clasp the edge of the sheet before peeling it back, reveling the mangled being beneath. He had been bandaged seemingly from head to toe, and was missing his left arm. The man groaned pitifully and the Father leaned over him -- taking his one good hand trying to console him. \"Most of the attacks take place at night, we found him like this in the morning.\" head shaking solemnly as he spoke. \"Quite the dreadful scene, much too much blood for one man though he was the only one there when we arrived we were hoping that he could tell us more once he became coherent.\" There was a slight pause.. \"If he becomes coherent.\" The Father corrected himself, looking up at the girl through those thick spectacles, noting her reaction to the tale. \"The creatures..\" Slowly he rose, looking over those under his care. "}, "post-29476": {"user": "Treva Briarheart", "user_num": 1168, "timestamp": "1458506643000", "message": "\u00a0 \u00a0Treva looked over the wreck of the man the church's man was showing her. She could ease his suffering, and perhaps heal most of his wounds. It was within her powers, the powers Xivri had given her as a cleric, but it would take several minutes and Father Gabriel was already moving on.\u00a0 \u00a0Treva meant to voice her concern and offer for aid, but her thoughts were pulled away by the scream from outside the church. As Gabriel suddenly bolted out of the church, Treva took her mace up and rushed to follow him. If one of these undead creatures was present, she would destroy it and gain some much needed evidence as to what kind of malady was plaguing the small town.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "\u00a0 \u00a0Treva looked over the wreck of the man the church's man was showing her. She could ease his suffering, and perhaps heal most of his wounds. It was within her powers, the powers Xivri had given her as a cleric, but it would take several minutes and Father Gabriel was already moving on."}, "post-29508": {"user": "Elaria", "user_num": 1193, "timestamp": "1458516363000", "message": "The large oaken doors were forced open  allowing the warm candlelight to spill out onto the streets--- there streets  of the  town seemed almost  peaceful if it were not for that scream moments before, cobbled  stone illuminated scarcely by the  pale moon light, partially cloaked beneath a layer of smoke that permanently stained the sky. The forges of the town continued to  billow and work through the night, light  from those flames  spilled out on the surrounding streets there  were also  various  lamps scattered almost haphazardly  throughout the town acting as  check points for  the guards that patrolled the streets. The Father was making his was down the long  and winding street though Treva would easily be able to catch up with him.. he was not fast nor was he physically built. His Habit also hindered  his running. Though soon they would find   the source of that scream;  down a dark alley  which was only a block away from the cathedral.  The  Father continue  to run feet clicking softly against the cobbled stone, though he stopped as he rounded to corner; frozen  as if gripped by fear and his face contorts slightly at the sight. The cracking of joints fills the silence as bone slides along bone-- a wolf in sheep's clothing -- the man that the Father had been   watching began to shift as if some sort of creature crawled beneath its  skin and a line formed down the  center of his forehead like a seam   that split open,  flesh  tore and crimson  sprayed the walls of the alley like  water from a fountain.  \"Quiet  you b-tch.\"  it laughed  though it's laughter was somehow disjointed and cruel. \"Better make this  quick before those  pesky guards show up.\" he  approached the  woman an  elongated  tongue sweeping out across his  cheek which was still dripping with the blood of her dead husband.  The creature appeared as if ha demon itself -- something straight out of ancient script. Long arms   which  extended towards the  ground it walked hunch  towards  the woman who had now been backed into the corner. Though despite its prominent slouch it still  towered over either of them, and it seemed for the moment to ignore Treva's  and the father 's  presence the  sound of the guards were  still a while off as the tromped down the streets towards the source of the commotion. That's when the beast raised a clawed hand  preparing  to strike the female down. -\"Huh?!\" it grunted in confusion.  Thump! The creature's arm was pulled from its arm  and  pinned against the side of the wall,  by the tip of a long   lance.  It took a moment for  the creature to  realize what had happened . Blackish- liquid  spraying the   face of his wood  be victim  it cried out  before turning  its' gaze  upward where  it spotted the man in white standing  upon the edge of the roof.'You'll pay for this!' it growled and quickly turned to  pull its arm free before turning once more and sprinting   straight down  the alley  way towards Father Gabriel and Treva    who would have surly already  arrived . The beast  swung  it's long arm knocking the father  flat and it once more at  Treva  on its return  swing  attempting to knock her flat  and simply rampage through them . Had it been successful the  beast  would simply jump onto the nearest building and disappear into the night. ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "The large oaken doors were forced open  allowing the warm candlelight to spill out onto the streets--- there streets  of the  town seemed almost  peaceful if it were not for that scream moments before, cobbled  stone illuminated scarcely by the  pale moon light, partially cloaked beneath a layer of smoke that permanently stained the sky. The forges of the town continued to  billow and work through the night, light  from those flames  spilled out on the surrounding streets there  were also  various  lamps scattered almost haphazardly  throughout the town acting as  check points for  the guards that patrolled the streets. The Father was making his was down the long  and winding street though Treva would easily be able to catch up with him.. he was not fast nor was he physically built. His Habit also hindered  his running. Though soon they would find   the source of that scream;  down a dark alley  which was only a block away from the cathedral. "}, "post-29513": {"user": "Treva Briarheart", "user_num": 1168, "timestamp": "1458517227000", "message": "\u00a0 \u00a0Treva let out a gasp as she saw the demon that had taken hold of what used to be a man. As the man's face split open, she put her arm in front of Father Gabriel, silently cautioning him to stay back. The scene was over in just several seconds and Treva found herself in the way of the charging creature. She brought her mace up above her head in her right hand and brought her shield up with her left. The beast had already swung, knocking the Father down, but she was determined not to let it pass.\u00a0 \u00a0As the monster's returning swing came at Treva, she struck out with her flanged mace, hoping to catch its forearm in the process. Any mortal beast taking the blow would certainly find itself with a broken, if not shattered, arm. \"You'll perish here, demon,\" she shouted as she made the attack.\u00a0 \u00a0A nimbus of light started to form around her, indicating an infusion of holy power from Xivri had begun.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "\u00a0 \u00a0Treva let out a gasp as she saw the demon that had taken hold of what used to be a man. As the man's face split open, she put her arm in front of Father Gabriel, silently cautioning him to stay back. The scene was over in just several seconds and Treva found herself in the way of the charging creature. She brought her mace up above her head in her right hand and brought her shield up with her left. The beast had already swung, knocking the Father down, but she was determined not to let it pass."}, "post-29669": {"user": "Elaria", "user_num": 1193, "timestamp": "1458606829000", "message": "The creature did not expect the woman to offer  much resistance or perhaps he did not have enough time to recover  after battering the priest out of the way, regardless the  attack would connect with a sickening crunch   as the mace collided into his one good arm, the beast staggered backwards  awkwardly  trying to put some distance  between himself and he woman. Golden hues, narrowing slightly upon  her form. 'Who- Who are you people.' he grunted angrily. His good arm dangled  uselessly at his side and his forearm was crushed where she had stricken it yet he still held onto that severed limb as if there was some purpose in keeping himself whole. Black seeming smoke sizzled from that wound and once more, bone slid upon bone. 'Damn dirty Humans!' That black aurora continued to surround his form  as if he was releasing  some sort of dark energy and already the effect on his body could be seen. Bones shifting beneath  his skin attempting  to repair  the crushed limb-- though his was met with an abrupt end.  The tip of the lance tore through his  chest ending just inches from  Treva's  face, glistening slightly in the pale moonlight and speckled   with  the creature's blood. Legs buckled and it fell onto its knees awaiting  for the female  to deliver the final blow. Though rather than  beg for its life; its lips curled into  a cruel smile, showing those serrated -teeth that were meant for chomping onto the flesh of men. Silted  irises staring into her own burned with a flame  as if  inviting her to join him in the pits of hell. 'It's  too late for this town.. It's too late for you.. we will consume until there's nothing left.' Laughter  spilled from his lips like  venom  that warped his mind. ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "The creature did not expect the woman to offer  much resistance or perhaps he did not have enough time to recover  after battering the priest out of the way, regardless the  attack would connect with a sickening crunch   as the mace collided into his one good arm, the beast staggered backwards  awkwardly  trying to put some distance  between himself and he woman. Golden hues, narrowing slightly upon  her form. 'Who- Who are you people.' he grunted angrily. His good arm dangled  uselessly at his side and his forearm was crushed where she had stricken it yet he still held onto that severed limb as if there was some purpose in keeping himself whole. Black seeming smoke sizzled from that wound and once more, bone slid upon bone. 'Damn dirty Humans!' That black aurora continued to surround his form  as if he was releasing  some sort of dark energy and already the effect on his body could be seen. Bones shifting beneath  his skin attempting  to repair  the crushed limb-- though his was met with an abrupt end.  "}, "post-30006": {"user": "Treva Briarheart", "user_num": 1168, "timestamp": "1458859154000", "message": "\u00a0 \u00a0Convinced that the crazed monster wouldn't be of the mind to answer her queries, Treva brought her mace down towards its skull. The power she had drawn from Xivri encompassed her falling mace, holy light flaring as it arced. The divine radiance would both smite any undead or demonic entities inhabiting the twisted man's body, as well as attempt to cleanse such pollution from his soul.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "\u00a0 \u00a0Convinced that the crazed monster wouldn't be of the mind to answer her queries, Treva brought her mace down towards its skull. The power she had drawn from Xivri encompassed her falling mace, holy light flaring as it arced. The divine radiance would both smite any undead or demonic entities inhabiting the twisted man's body, as well as attempt to cleanse such pollution from his soul."}, "post-30170": {"user": "Elaria", "user_num": 1193, "timestamp": "1458948725000", "message": "The attack  proved   quite effective  the weight of the mace combined with the holy-light easily crushed the beings skull, there was a sickening crunch  as its head caved  inward and matter sprayed outward from the  impact. Black some seemed to sizzle from where its head should have been  evaporating as if to join the smoke that already clouded h the sky  and the  being  grew limp though he was still  supported  by the tip  of the lance. Both arms mangled now  as well  as its  destroyed skull left a gruesome scene by the time that the guards arrived. Metal clanging softly   and the sound of boots clipping  against stone soon the guards surrounded the pair to take count  of the  situation a couple branched off to  check on Father Gabriel who was already rising to his feet with a struggled groan  while another pair  moved to check on the female  who was still sitting stunned in a pool of the creature's blackened blood unable to move or speak from the  shock of what  had just happened.. Even the   Guards  seemed a little pale -- most of them  young and still inexperienced when  it came to dealing with death. -- Though they wore brave faces and attempted to be helpful  despite being late to the scene. The Father raised   a hand. 'It's okay, friends.' he spoke to the guards and they seemed somewhat relieved . The influence that the father had over the people was almost palpable and he stepped away from Rowen and Treva as he moved to greet the woman half-way  down the alley a comforting hand moving to rest upon her shoulder. 'Come, my child to  my church.' He then walked her back towards the  cathedral, stopping once more as he passed the pair. 'Thank you travelers , if you are looking for a place to stay you are welcome to come as well there is plenty of room though  I can't quite promise on the accommodations. We will also need to get you a sigil-- so that you can move around a bit more unhindered though after tonight  I don't think many will try to stop you and ask questions.' He smiled  warmly towards the girl, despite the events that had just taken place, it was best to smile in those sorts of situations. Though perhaps he bore a faux face as well.  he paused a moment  looking thoughtful. 'I'm sure Lillian would also put you up for a room at the tavern.' He nodded towards the silent warrior before heading off towards the Church. ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "The attack  proved   quite effective  the weight of the mace combined with the holy-light easily crushed the beings skull, there was a sickening crunch  as its head caved  inward and matter sprayed outward from the  impact. Black some seemed to sizzle from where its head should have been  evaporating as if to join the smoke that already clouded h the sky  and the  being  grew limp though he was still  supported  by the tip  of the lance. Both arms mangled now  as well  as its  destroyed skull left a gruesome scene by the time that the guards arrived. Metal clanging softly   and the sound of boots clipping  against stone soon the guards surrounded the pair to take count  of the  situation a couple branched off to  check on Father Gabriel who was already rising to his feet with a struggled groan  while another pair  moved to check on the female  who was still sitting stunned in a pool of the creature's blackened blood unable to move or speak from the  shock of what  had just happened.. Even the   Guards  seemed a little pale -- most of them  young and still inexperienced when  it came to dealing with death. -- Though they wore brave faces and attempted to be helpful  despite being late to the scene. "}, "post-30171": {"user": "Rowen", "user_num": 1171, "timestamp": "1458948773000", "message": "Silent warrior would have been  an apt description though  he did break  his silence  as the beast was felled, gripping the shaft of the lance and dislodged  the  tip  in a single forceful motion. The beast fell to the ground in a heap  with a solemn thud, and more of that black substance continued to dissipate into the air as if the creature itself was evaporating, further polluting the sky. The male  reached out with the ball-tipped -end of the lance and poked at  the creature's  inert from, prodding   couple of times as if to figure what exactly  it was after a few moments he finally spoke.'Just a grunt..' he notes quietly, body  turning slightly towards the side as if expecting more of those creatures  to come out and face them, though now an eerie silence fell over the vacant streets-- even  the guards seemed  to shuffle out in silence. The male  turned  once more to address the female, noting her actions  that she had taken to try and protect the father. So she was here  to  help them as well. 'I've  counted at least thirteen  other creatures as the one that that you have just felled since arriving here.. Though beyond that  I'm uncertain. it seemed they have taken to hiding  for now. ' ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Silent warrior would have been  an apt description though  he did break  his silence  as the beast was felled, gripping the shaft of the lance and dislodged  the  tip  in a single forceful motion. The beast fell to the ground in a heap  with a solemn thud, and more of that black substance continued to dissipate into the air as if the creature itself was evaporating, further polluting the sky. The male  reached out with the ball-tipped -end of the lance and poked at  the creature's  inert from, prodding   couple of times as if to figure what exactly  it was after a few moments he finally spoke."}, "post-30268": {"user": "Treva Briarheart", "user_num": 1168, "timestamp": "1459027235000", "message": "\u00a0 \u00a0Treva appraised the lance-wielder. He seemed... inhuman somehow. But his skill with his weapon seemed adequate.\u00a0 \u00a0\"You've counted? Why haven't you been saving these poor souls from their fate then?\" Treva grasped her medallion and whispered a prayer over the corpse of the man-demon they had just slain. She turns back to Rowen with hardened eyes. \"I'll find the source of this corruption and remove it. I will take immediate action against this plague as befitting a cleric of Xivri. You seem skilled with your weapon, but if you would stand by and watch innocents suffer, I cannot abide your company.\"\u00a0 \u00a0She looked up Rowen, waiting for a response, her face serious but without sign of malice of condescension.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "\u00a0 \u00a0Treva appraised the lance-wielder. He seemed... inhuman somehow. But his skill with his weapon seemed adequate."}, "post-30374": {"user": "Rowen", "user_num": 1171, "timestamp": "1459060637000", "message": "What manner of beast did she think that they were dealing with? Slowly the lancer  draws his weapon back towards his side, the metallic end tapping lightly against the stone beneath their feet. He stood  bare foot-- his white cloak dirtied slightly from the soot that fell around them and clogged the seams between those stones. Regarding her words with a subtle tip of his head, allowing those lengthy locks  of crimson hair to drape across his face.  Eyes masked by that bright crimson cloth -- he seemed to stare  at her as if he could see  through the fabric and it perhaps disguised whatever thoughts  he may have had. Shoulders rolled slightly.\"Those are only those that I have.. felt.. they hide among the crowds. This was the first to show himself.\" Regardless if it was his intentions, he did save  the girl who had previously been attacked by the  creature.  ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "What manner of beast did she think that they were dealing with? Slowly the lancer  draws his weapon back towards his side, the metallic end tapping lightly against the stone beneath their feet. He stood  bare foot-- his white cloak dirtied slightly from the soot that fell around them and clogged the seams between those stones. Regarding her words with a subtle tip of his head, allowing those lengthy locks  of crimson hair to drape across his face.  Eyes masked by that bright crimson cloth -- he seemed to stare  at her as if he could see  through the fabric and it perhaps disguised whatever thoughts  he may have had. Shoulders rolled slightly."}, "post-30397": {"user": "Treva Briarheart", "user_num": 1168, "timestamp": "1459110058000", "message": "\u00a0 \u00a0\"Then we should work together. If you can sense them while hidden, we can narrow it down quickly. Xivri's guidance will tell me which of those in my sight are possessed by evil.\"\u00a0 \u00a0\"I am Treva Briarheart, cleric of Xivri. I have come to cleanse this village of the rot that infects it. How should I address you?\" She looked at Rowen, appraising him. He wore the rags of a blinded beggar, but obviously there was more to him. The truly blind could not face such a foe and defeat it.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "\u00a0 \u00a0\"Then we should work together. If you can sense them while hidden, we can narrow it down quickly. Xivri's guidance will tell me which of those in my sight are possessed by evil.\""}, "post-30850": {"user": "Rowen", "user_num": 1171, "timestamp": "1459306520000", "message": "The Lancer listened at the girl  introduced herself, leaning slightly upon the shaft of the lance. It seemed  that the  girl even as she  introduced herself seemed to flip her opinion of the man rather quickly. Suggesting that the two of them work together in order to weed out the evil that plagued the town. He remained silent a moment as if contemplating her  offer, though Rowen  preferred working on his own he was not entirely against the idea. \"Rowen.\"   he replied  finally though still doubtful. Drawing attention to the corpse once more with the subtle tap  of metal upon stone. \"It's unlikely that we will run into any more this night, though it won't hurt  to check the perimeter. Unless you have another suggestion.\"  ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "The Lancer listened at the girl  introduced herself, leaning slightly upon the shaft of the lance. It seemed  that the  girl even as she  introduced herself seemed to flip her opinion of the man rather quickly. Suggesting that the two of them work together in order to weed out the evil that plagued the town. He remained silent a moment as if contemplating her  offer, though Rowen  preferred working on his own he was not entirely against the idea. "}, "post-30975": {"user": "Treva Briarheart", "user_num": 1168, "timestamp": "1459382213000", "message": "\u00a0 \u00a0\"I think we should coordinate with the guard and do a check of the streets before we give up for the night. If most of these attacks happen during the night, it's fair to assume there could be more of them out here tonight. If we have the guards whistle when they find someone suspicious, we can rush to them and hopefully prevent any more senseless bloodshed for these poor people.\"", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "\u00a0 \u00a0\"I think we should coordinate with the guard and do a check of the streets before we give up for the night. If most of these attacks happen during the night, it's fair to assume there could be more of them out here tonight. If we have the guards whistle when they find someone suspicious, we can rush to them and hopefully prevent any more senseless bloodshed for these poor people.\""}, "post-31162": {"user": "Elaria", "user_num": 1193, "timestamp": "1459481175000", "message": "The lancer silently  agrees  to the woman's suggestions, turning  slightly as the sound of wood grinding upon stone  filled the empty streets. A couple of guards had returned  they  wheeling   a large cart which they stopped  just before they  two warriors. They  looked around almost  apprehensive as if to make sure that none of those creatures  were  lurking about and with that they set  the  cart  down before  heading towards the felled beast  and wrestled him into the cart afterward they  covered  the body with  a  sheet -- the same that had been used at the cathedral. One of the  guards turned now to face Treva, shaking his head solemnly.\"It's been like this for months.. though usually  tis not  the creatures that we're rolling off but those of our own. Better  not to draw too much attention to these sorts of things, people already on edge as it is.\" He admitted shamefully-- though his expression was somehow blank as if he had grown accustomed to the carting of bodies, they all had.  He then presented another sigil towards  the female.  \"Take this, it will allow you to move freely. Though I doubt  any of this lot will  try to  stop  you  after tonight.\" There came a dry almost nervous chuckle and her turned once more to help  his companion haul off  the lifeless corpse down the street and towards  the cathedral. The soft  echo's  of  the cart resounding though the streets long after they had turned the corner. ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "The lancer silently  agrees  to the woman's suggestions, turning  slightly as the sound of wood grinding upon stone  filled the empty streets. A couple of guards had returned  they  wheeling   a large cart which they stopped  just before they  two warriors. They  looked around almost  apprehensive as if to make sure that none of those creatures  were  lurking about and with that they set  the  cart  down before  heading towards the felled beast  and wrestled him into the cart afterward they  covered  the body with  a  sheet -- the same that had been used at the cathedral. One of the  guards turned now to face Treva, shaking his head solemnly."}, "post-31291": {"user": "Treva Briarheart", "user_num": 1168, "timestamp": "1459620594000", "message": "\u00a0 \u00a0Treva tries to get the attention of one of the guards before they have gone. \"Can you tell me where I can find your commanding officer? I'd like to speak to him about an idea I have that may help prevent more deaths.\"", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "\u00a0 \u00a0Treva tries to get the attention of one of the guards before they have gone. \"Can you tell me where I can find your commanding officer? I'd like to speak to him about an idea I have that may help prevent more deaths.\""}}