{"post-83601": {"user": "A Spirit Guardian", "user_num": 3043, "timestamp": "1529383612000", "message": "The Valley of Fire is a strip of the Kiyonai\u00a0forests that is heavily composed of Tawakoshi Maples, a tree with vibrant red-violet leaves and a pale, flaky bark.It is named for the way the sun hits the leaves after dawn, making it seem as though the entire valley has been lit aflame.\u00a0", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "The Valley of Fire is a strip of the Kiyonai\u00a0forests that is heavily composed of Tawakoshi Maples, a tree with vibrant red-violet leaves and a pale, flaky bark."}, "post-83611": {"user": "A Spirit Guardian", "user_num": 3043, "timestamp": "1529454540000", "message": "Twilight blanketed the sky just before dawn, though the morning's rays teased a dark violet across the horizon. The mist that flooded the forest left it feeling hazy and damp. Dew dripped from the scarlet maples, reflecting what little light reached through the sky, making it seem like the stars were close enough to touch.Now and again, staring at the dewdrops, one could spy a face staring back. Even if one wasn't scrutinizing reflections, a hum did float through the air, so ambiguous that it could be mistaken for the wind rushing through the trees.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Twilight blanketed the sky just before dawn, though the morning's rays teased a dark violet across the horizon. The mist that flooded the forest left it feeling hazy and damp. Dew dripped from the scarlet maples, reflecting what little light reached through the sky, making it seem like the stars were close enough to touch."}, "post-83614": {"user": "Qin Feng", "user_num": 3091, "timestamp": "1529456079000", "message": "Qin Feng leaned silently against a tree with his eyes closed, bow slung over his shoulder and his cloak unceremoniously dumped on the ground next to his feet in what seemed to be some sort of makeshift bedroll. His arms were crossed over his chest, his right hand lightly gripping the hilt of one of his dual swords, and he gently breathed in the misty air as he tried to detect any distinct magical traces, a habit of his when all other senses had failed him.Unfortunately, the scent of nature magic was overpowering and mostly cloaked any other traces that could've been picked up, but he did discern a few fleeting whiffs of magic belonging to some of the animals that lived in the forest before it could be masked by the forest. A single ray hit the gold engravings on his boots, and Qin Fen knew it was time to move.\u00a0 The sun was already beginning to break the horizon, and he had rested enough. He sighed gently as he grabbed his cowl, kicked dirt over the smoldering remains of last night fire, and began to quietly make his way deeper into the forest.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Qin Feng leaned silently against a tree with his eyes closed, bow slung over his shoulder and his cloak unceremoniously dumped on the ground next to his feet in what seemed to be some sort of makeshift bedroll. His arms were crossed over his chest, his right hand lightly gripping the hilt of one of his dual swords, and he gently breathed in the misty air as he tried to detect any distinct magical traces, a habit of his when all other senses had failed him."}, "post-83622": {"user": "Wuppo", "user_num": 2387, "timestamp": "1529525400000", "message": "As Qin undoubtedly sensed, the Kiyonai Forests (and particularly the Valley of Fire) was teeming with life; life that might be assumed to still be asleep at such an hour. However this was not true for Wuppo. The normally heavy-footed lumbering ogre moved his 10ft tall body remarkably quietly through the trees, his head on a swivel and club in hand. He sniffed the air, looking just off to his left. Wuppo's eyes narrowed and he furrowed his brow. The ogre stood up straight and looped his club back into its lashing that hung around his waist. He also made a quick check to be sure his bag was hung where it should be, mostly out of habit.With his club safely and securely hanging back on his right side and his bag in its place, Wuppo stomped his way directly towards the sound and smell of Qin. The ogre's large stride allowed him to make up any amount of distance between Qin and himself quickly, and he shouted as Qin came into sight.\"You'z!\" he shouted, still several meters away, \"You'z scare dem little fluffies!\"He continued to stomp towards Qin, and stopped just a few strides short of him.\"Wuppo look for dem fluffies! I'z get 'ere a'fore da dark time, an' you'z make da smoke! You'z make da fire! You'z tell dem fluffies 'Dis place not sleep! Wuppo be here! You go!', an' dem fluffies leave! Now Wuppo hungry!\"Through his broken and erratic speech pattern, Qin might surmise that Wuppo intended to hunt in this area, and Qin had scared away the prey he was tracking for breakfast.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "As Qin undoubtedly sensed, the Kiyonai Forests (and particularly the Valley of Fire) was teeming with life; life that might be assumed to still be asleep at such an hour. However this was not true for Wuppo. The normally heavy-footed lumbering ogre moved his 10ft tall body remarkably quietly through the trees, his head on a swivel and club in hand. He sniffed the air, looking just off to his left. Wuppo's eyes narrowed and he furrowed his brow. The ogre stood up straight and looped his club back into its lashing that hung around his waist. He also made a quick check to be sure his bag was hung where it should be, mostly out of habit."}, "post-83626": {"user": "A Spirit Guardian", "user_num": 3043, "timestamp": "1529531111000", "message": "In the distance, just barely visible in the space over Wuppo's shoulder, was a pale figure with her legs swung over a branch, eying them both. With careful inspection from so far away, it was almost evident to be the shape of a woman.She did nothing, for now. Just watched.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "In the distance, just barely visible in the space over Wuppo's shoulder, was a pale figure with her legs swung over a branch, eying them both. With careful inspection from so far away, it was almost evident to be the shape of a woman."}, "post-83634": {"user": "Qin Feng", "user_num": 3091, "timestamp": "1529542477000", "message": "Qin Feng was not the least bit surprised by the appearance of Wuppo, as the Ogre's stomping sounded like the drums of a marching army. He cocked his head at the ogre without any fear in his eyes. After all, any creature that made itself known willingly known was either not the freshest fruit on the tree, or meant no harm. Qin scanned the ogre quickly. It seemed more hungry and annoyed than angry, and that was an easy fix. In one quick move, he threw something out from under his cowl, pulled out one of his dual swords and thrusted upward, running the mysterious object through and stopping his blade about 3 inches in front of the ogre's face. Speared on the tip was half a pheasant wrapped in bamboo leaves, leftovers from the previous day's meal. The smell of the melted fat and cooked bird made even Qin's mouth water, and he quickly wiped the drool from his mouth before speaking. \"Let this be a peace offering from me. I have some other pressing matters to attend to, and I'm sure you'd agree two hunters would work much more effectively than one.\"", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Qin Feng was not the least bit surprised by the appearance of Wuppo, as the Ogre's stomping sounded like the drums of a marching army. He cocked his head at the ogre without any fear in his eyes. After all, any creature that made itself known willingly known was either not the freshest fruit on the tree, or meant no harm. "}, "post-83636": {"user": "Wuppo", "user_num": 2387, "timestamp": "1529547429000", "message": "In truth, it was not entirely like Wuppo to confront a human directly. His dealings with them were almost always hostile, and up until recently he'd been keeping away from them. But it appeared that the combination of hunger, the perception of a ruined hunt, and the close proximity to his home in the mountains had agitated the ogre enough that he would have a word with the human. After all, he'd been granted protection by the head of the ruling clan of the province. It didn't enter his mind that a complete stranger to the region wouldn't know this already.Wuppo looked at the half pheasant on the end of the sword. He sniffed it, and with some reluctance reached out his giant hand to pluck the cooked bird off of the weapon with his thumb and forefinger.\"Wuppo not like da pointy bits.\" he said, suspicious of the human. Wuppo popped the flavorful morsel into his mouth, bones included, and with a little crunch he ate the entire half pheasant.\"Why you'z 'ere so close to Wuppo cave? Dem wiff da pointy bits not come 'ere! Dem stay in dem.. Dem house! Wiff daze pointy bits!\" Wuppo at times seemed to be searching for words, still reasonably agitated. The half pheasant was tasty, but given his size he could likely eat a small flock of pheasants.The ogre looked down at Qin, and squinted slightly.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "In truth, it was not entirely like Wuppo to confront a human directly. His dealings with them were almost always hostile, and up until recently he'd been keeping away from them. But it appeared that the combination of hunger, the perception of a ruined hunt, and the close proximity to his home in the mountains had agitated the ogre enough that he would have a word with the human. After all, he'd been granted protection by the head of the ruling clan of the province. It didn't enter his mind that a complete stranger to the region wouldn't know this already."}, "post-83638": {"user": "Qin Feng", "user_num": 3091, "timestamp": "1529551629000", "message": "To be fully honest, Qin Feng had no idea why he was in the forest either. The Huilin rangers apparently had some sort of urgent business here, and considering even his old mentor, Liu Xing, would not tell him anything she knew, it must have been serious. But then again, the last time she had done that, he had ended up retrieving some rare fruit that she had gotten a craving for. Either way, he was stuck in the middle of the Valley of Fire with an Ogre and no plan. But Qin obviously could not say that, so he simply replied, \"Cant tell you, Official Ranger Business.\", and began to wipe his blade clean of the meat juices.Suddenly, the ranger caught a whiff of something...different. It was almost identical to the scent of the forest, but he could detect that it was from something a lot more powerful than the other animals he had seen residing in the forest. Qin squinted intensely what seemed to be the source of the energy, only being able to discern the distinctly female outline of whatever it was. Qin Feng cracked a smile, glad that there might actually have been a real reason for this mission. \"It seems we have some company, Wuppo.\", he said, pointing in the general direction of the outline. ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "To be fully honest, Qin Feng had no idea why he was in the forest either. The Huilin rangers apparently had some sort of urgent business here, and considering even his old mentor, Liu Xing, would not tell him anything she knew, it must have been serious. But then again, the last time she had done that, he had ended up retrieving some rare fruit that she had gotten a craving for. Either way, he was stuck in the middle of the Valley of Fire with an Ogre and no plan. "}, "post-83655": {"user": "A Spirit Guardian", "user_num": 3043, "timestamp": "1529641030000", "message": "No sooner had she been spotted did the figure drop from the branch, turning with a moon-eyed glance at both the man and the ogre before vanishing through the brush, leaving a sweet hum for both of them to listen to.The wind picked up. It whistled through the trees and pushed them gently in her direction.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "No sooner had she been spotted did the figure drop from the branch, turning with a moon-eyed glance at both the man and the ogre before vanishing through the brush, leaving a sweet hum for both of them to listen to."}, "post-83658": {"user": "Wuppo", "user_num": 2387, "timestamp": "1529666315000", "message": "\"Ranfe busyness.\" Wuppo repeated. \"Wot dem Ranfe? An' how you'z for da busyness?\"The ogre thought for a moment, and just before he was about to inform the human that if he wouldn't tell Wuppo about his ranger business, then Wuppo wasn't going to tell Qin about his.. ogre business? But as that thought crossed his mind, Wuppo's train of thought was interrupted by Qin's assertion that there was someone else around.Immediately Wuppo was skeptical again, but only for a moment before the quiet hum came to his ears, followed by the gentle wind in the direction Qin was looking. Wuppo turned and walked in the direction of the hum. The sound of his big ogre feet heavily plodding on the forest floor created a sharp contrast against the sweet pleasant hum left behind by the Spirit Guardian, and after a few steps he came to a stop - confused.Wuppo sniffed at the air. \"Dem burny bits.\" he said, his voice quieter than it has been when was talking to Qin, but still low and gravely. He turned back to Qin, still sniffing the air.\"Dis dem burny bits! An' dem.. dem melty bits! Daze use to talk to dem spiffrits! Dem in village, daze talk to dem spiffrits in da special spiffrit house - an' dem make da smell for da spiffrit, and spiffrit happy. Dis dat!\"", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "\"Ranfe busyness.\" Wuppo repeated. \"Wot dem Ranfe? An' how you'z for da busyness?\""}, "post-83659": {"user": "Qin Feng", "user_num": 3091, "timestamp": "1529708234000", "message": "Qin had not thought of that, but Wuppo's explanation made sense. The still lingering smell of the cooked pheasant must have attracted the spirit, like an offering at a shrine. He had felt the wind pick up gently, and it seemed to be pushing them closer to the spirit. It seemed peaceful, but Qin cautiously kept one hand near his bow. Hopefully there wouldn't be conflict, but years of training had drilled absolute vigilance into him. Always better to be safe than sorry, if anything went south.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Qin had not thought of that, but Wuppo's explanation made sense. The still lingering smell of the cooked pheasant must have attracted the spirit, like an offering at a shrine. "}, "post-83700": {"user": "A Spirit Guardian", "user_num": 3043, "timestamp": "1529889578000", "message": "The spirit didn't circle back around, only kept on the path ahead, though the smell of incense followed her.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "The spirit didn't circle back around, only kept on the path ahead, though the smell of incense followed her."}, "post-83715": {"user": "Wuppo", "user_num": 2387, "timestamp": "1529971755000", "message": "Wuppo sniffed the air around him again and gazed through the trees that surrounded Qin and him. He could smell incense and the sweet odor of freshly burned wax, but that was all. The ogre still appeared confused.\"Wuppo good at smell!\" he announced to Qin. \"Wuppo smell da burny bits, an' da melty bits, an' you'z on you ranfe busyness.\" Wuppo moved one of his hands up to his face, and used his index finger to scratch the area between the two twisted and knotted strands of hair that was his beard. He remained pensive.\"Wuppo not smell him wiff da burny bits, an' dem melty bits. Wuppo fink dis spiffrit! But spiffrit not in big tree! I'z come big tree long time, an' der no spiffrit 'ere!\"It was quite the puzzle. How did the smell of wax and incense get in the middle of the Valley of Fire with no other people around? After a long pause, Wuppo suddenly began looking around on the ground. He used his ogre-sized foot and kicked a bit of the underbrush around, and finally bent down and began digging at the dirt with his fingers.\"Spiffrit lost!\" he told Qin as he straightened his back again, now holding two dirt encrusted rocks - one in each hand. Wuppo began smacking the rocks together in his hands arrhythmically, like a toddler would knock two sticks together.\"Spiffrit!\" he shouted. \"You'z come wiff Wuppo! Wuppo brings you dem special house! What dem in da village make for spiffrit! You happy der! You see!\"\"'Ere!\" Wuppo said as he shoved the rocks at Qin's chest. The rocks that looked small in Wuppo's hands were in reality quite large and heavy for a person's hands. If the ranger chose not to take them, he would certainly want to move his feet as to avoid the falling hunks of solid earth.\"You'z play rock. Jus' like Wuppo! You see Wuppo. Rock make spiffrit happy, an' spiffrit come wiff Wuppo to special house! Das where dem spiffrit need go.\"Expecting that his new compatriot in the spirit relocating business would gladly welcome the chance to smack two rocks together, Wuppo turned away and began following the scent of freshly burned incense through the forest of giant Tawakoshi maples. Every few steps, Wuppo would call out and reinstate his promise to take the spirit to the special spirit domicile, and how pleasant it was there for spirits.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Wuppo sniffed the air around him again and gazed through the trees that surrounded Qin and him. He could smell incense and the sweet odor of freshly burned wax, but that was all. The ogre still appeared confused."}, "post-83717": {"user": "Qin Feng", "user_num": 3091, "timestamp": "1529974508000", "message": "Qin deftly dodged the extremely heavy rocks, as he had no intention of smacking them together. However, he did grab two smaller ones and began to hit them rhythmically, to appease the Ogre. After all, it seemed like Wuppo was able to smell the spirit, and that made tracking it much easier.He followed Wuppo down the path, whacking the rocks against each other and humming quietly", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Qin deftly dodged the extremely heavy rocks, as he had no intention of smacking them together. However, he did grab two smaller ones and began to hit them rhythmically, to appease the Ogre. After all, it seemed like Wuppo was able to smell the spirit, and that made tracking it much easier."}, "post-83762": {"user": "A Spirit Guardian", "user_num": 3043, "timestamp": "1530136927000", "message": "As the two pressed forward, they would catch glimpses of the woman here and there through the trees. It was always only for a second, and never for long enough to get a good look at her. Sometimes horns sprouted from her head. Other times, the auburn leaves of the maples surrounding them adorned her body. She was never quite the same twice.The beginning of their trip was reasonably easygoing. As the sun peaked over the mountains, turning from a dense starry sky into a wave of violet, the mood began to change. The soft pitpat\u00a0of dewdrops halted. The chatter of birds became silent. The air was suddenly thick enough that it felt like breathing underwater. Wuppo and Qin Feng might have noticed that their footfalls took just a little more time to hit the ground than usual, like wading through a river.Their path would not continue\u00a0to be so kind. The brush closed in on them, choking out any semblance of a path. It was no challenge to the ogre's impressive stature, though Qin Feng might have had a harder time wading through the debris left behind in his wake.They would soon come to a steep slope that descended into a narrow but swiftly flowing river. On the other side, the woman could be seen sitting on a rock with her back turned. Her hair was a black curtain drooping into the river, blending with its depths.It was a good twenty feet deep, that slope. A hurdle even for Wuppo, not to mention the much shorter human at his side.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "As the two pressed forward, they would catch glimpses of the woman here and there through the trees. It was always only for a second, and never for long enough to get a good look at her. Sometimes horns sprouted from her head. Other times, the auburn leaves of the maples surrounding them adorned her body. She was never quite the same twice."}, "post-83821": {"user": "Wuppo", "user_num": 2387, "timestamp": "1530575055000", "message": "And so Wuppo would continue, following the smell of incense, flowers, and freshly burned wax. After only a short while, it would be impossible to tell if Wuppo even realized whether or not his human acquaintance was playing his assigned instrument (rocks) anymore. The roughening of the terrain didn't seem to bother Wuppo in the slightest, as he'd made his home on the side of a mountain for as long as he could remember. His giant callused ogre feet had tread over rocky outcroppings, bushes, rivers, fallen trees, cliff sides, and just about every other terrain one might reasonably expect to find in a place like Tawakoshi. Wuppo's attention span for these types of antics would likely naturally wain after a short while, given his mental predisposition, but the spirit always seemed to allow the pair a glimpse of herself just as his attention might be drawn elsewhere. This kept Wuppo on the trail of what he now believed to be a wayward spirit, not so dissimilar from dangling a carrot on a string in front of a pig.Wuppo would eventually come to the river at the bottom of the slope, and see the spirit on the other side.\"Spiffrit!\" he called, still standing at the tree line on top of the slope. \"You'z come wiff Wuppo! Wuppo shows you'z dem special spiffrit house! House have tree! Dem village, dem put words in tree for spiffrit! Daze flat pot! Pot so smoll, but nice pot! Dems put da shiny in pot! Wuppo show you!\" After a long pause he added, \"I'z Wuppo!\", as if the spirit might be confused as to exactly who this 'Wuppo' might be.If Qin were at all initiated in the customs of the local religion, he might be able to decipher that Wuppo was referring to a few of the various practices visitors to a shrine might engage in; inscribing a small tablet with hopes and wishes to leave hanging in a tree, or leaving a few coins as an offering. Wuppo's eyes narrowed, and his brow lowered - he appeared to be thinking. He turned to Qin (if Qin was indeed still there after the trek).\"How we get spiffrit to special house? We'z cross da water, but how we'z get to udder side?\"It would have to be now that Qin would need to step in if he didn't want Wuppo coming up with the exact method of how the pair got across.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "And so Wuppo would continue, following the smell of incense, flowers, and freshly burned wax. After only a short while, it would be impossible to tell if Wuppo even realized whether or not his human acquaintance was playing his assigned instrument (rocks) anymore. The roughening of the terrain didn't seem to bother Wuppo in the slightest, as he'd made his home on the side of a mountain for as long as he could remember. His giant callused ogre feet had tread over rocky outcroppings, bushes, rivers, fallen trees, cliff sides, and just about every other terrain one might reasonably expect to find in a place like Tawakoshi. Wuppo's attention span for these types of antics would likely naturally wain after a short while, given his mental predisposition, but the spirit always seemed to allow the pair a glimpse of herself just as his attention might be drawn elsewhere. This kept Wuppo on the trail of what he now believed to be a wayward spirit, not so dissimilar from dangling a carrot on a string in front of a pig."}, "post-83990": {"user": "Qin Feng", "user_num": 3091, "timestamp": "1531543976000", "message": "Pulling out a rope from one of the hidden pockets a long rope, Qin used one of the blades to cut the rope into pieces, before grabbing a few arrows and snapping them in half. Grabbing the broken half arrows, he began to wrap the rope around his hands, form a pair of makeshift picks. Gingerly, Qin jabbed the arrow heads into the ground, and pulled. There was a little movement, but the pick seemed to hold. Perfect. Winking at Wuppo, he backflipped off the edge of the cliff and slammed both picks onto the side, digging his heels onto the slope to get some purchase. For a second he feared that the picks would break, but they managed to bear Qin\u2019s weight. The ranger slowly made his way down the cliff until he was almost at the bottom of the river, his cape just slightly above the roaring waters. Tensing his muscles, Qin kicked off hard from the slope, vaulted over the narrow river and landed safely to the other side. Grabbing the remaining rope, Qin quickly tied a few loops around the sturdiest tree he could find, before tying the other end onto an arrow and firing into the cliff. It hit about halfway up, making a thunking sound as the arrowhead buried itself deeply. He waved at Wuppo to use the rope as a way to get across the river, then sat down and closed his eyes to meditate, waiting for something to happen.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Pulling out a rope from one of the hidden pockets a long rope, Qin used one of the blades to cut the rope into pieces, before grabbing a few arrows and snapping them in half. Grabbing the broken half arrows, he began to wrap the rope around his hands, form a pair of makeshift picks. "}, "post-84357": {"user": "A Spirit Guardian", "user_num": 3043, "timestamp": "1533673345000", "message": "As soon as the two began to cross, the spirit lifted herself from the rock and continued on her path through the forest. She certainly wasn't giving them any time to catch their breath!The question begged how poor Wuppo would pass, however.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "As soon as the two began to cross, the spirit lifted herself from the rock and continued on her path through the forest. She certainly wasn't giving them any time to catch their breath!"}, "post-84374": {"user": "Wuppo", "user_num": 2387, "timestamp": "1533730550000", "message": "Wuppo watched with curiosity as Qin made his preparations for crossing the river; cutting the rope produced from a secret pocket, and cleanly snapping a couple of his arrows in half. Qin started his crawl down the cliffside with a wink and rather showy backflip, and once nearer the river vaulted acrobatically across the river. Wuppo watched, and was greatly entertained. \"Huh-huh-huuhh! Him fly! Him fly good! Dat good!\" the ogre laughed in his deep gravely voice, and clapped happily at the stunt. In Wuppo's experience, the fighting class of Tawakoshi was rarely so ostentatious. The flamboyant display seemed to be quite the treat for Wuppo as he now stood alone on the other side of the river from Qin and the spirit.Looking down the steep incline, Wuppo's big happy smile slowly turned into a lowered brow of contemplation. There was a problem. Qin's arrow had hit its mark about half way up the cliffside, and 20 feet of cliffside meant the arrow as firmly embedded about 10 feet down from where Wuppo was standing. He bent down, and even though his arms were long (even for his body size), he was unable to come close to grabbing the rope. Wuppo laid flat on the ground, and on his stomach he inched over the cliffside and reached down again. This got him closer, but being only 10ft tall himself he was still not anywhere near being able to grab the rope.Wuppo inched over the side a bit more, and a bit more still, coming closer and closer to being able to grab the rope - reaching his hand down and stretching to attempt to get it. Finally, enough of his weight was shifted forward over the incline that he was unable to keep himself from falling. Gravity ripped Wuppo over the edge, and before he could stop himself he was tumbling down the embankment. On his way to the ground, he collided with the rope Qin had shot over to him. Under the ogre's tremendous falling weight the arrow snapped like a dried twig, and Wuppo tumbled to the ground and rolled into the rushing water.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Wuppo watched with curiosity as Qin made his preparations for crossing the river; cutting the rope produced from a secret pocket, and cleanly snapping a couple of his arrows in half. Qin started his crawl down the cliffside with a wink and rather showy backflip, and once nearer the river vaulted acrobatically across the river. Wuppo watched, and was greatly entertained. "}, "post-84409": {"user": "Qin Feng", "user_num": 3091, "timestamp": "1534047150000", "message": "Realizing Wuppo was in danger, Qin moved quickly. Grabbed the rope that had been embedded in the side of the cliff, Qin's hands nimbly tied a secure knot around his waist, before he ran over. Luckily, the river wasn't too wide, so he was able to reach Wuppo before it was too late without having to get into the turbulent current. Grabbing a hand, Qin began to pull with surprising strength, trying to pull the ogre out of the water. The water was powerful, and Qin could feel the rope beginning to strain as he struggled to help the Ogre out of the water.Realizing that his grip was beginning to falter, the ranger slammed both feet into the ground before starting to pivot, enough so that Wuppo might be able to step onto the shore and out of the river. \"I-I cant hold on for much longer. You gotta get onto solid ground before I lose my grip!\"", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Realizing Wuppo was in danger, Qin moved quickly. Grabbed the rope that had been embedded in the side of the cliff, Qin's hands nimbly tied a secure knot around his waist, before he ran over. Luckily, the river wasn't too wide, so he was able to reach Wuppo before it was too late without having to get into the turbulent current. Grabbing a hand, Qin began to pull with surprising strength, trying to pull the ogre out of the water. The water was powerful, and Qin could feel the rope beginning to strain as he struggled to help the Ogre out of the water."}, "post-84478": {"user": "A Spirit Guardian", "user_num": 3043, "timestamp": "1534397852000", "message": "With the ogre's size and the fast-running waters of the river, not many would assume that Qin Feng would be able to succeed, however heroic his efforts were. It was highly amusing, however. The giggle that surrounded them both mirrored that.From beneath the white waters, Wuppo would come face-to-face with two half-moon eyes framed by almond-shaped lids. Scales spread over her pale face as they locked eyes, a grin coming to the spirit's lips.Suddenly, and with only a pulse of magic as a warning, both Wuppo and Qin Feng were lifted out of the water. A soft, slimy surface that felt like sandpaper rose up around them, wide as a raft. Kelpy whispers poked out from one end of this strange surface. The other end splashed just as much as Wuppo had when he fell in, propelling them toward shore.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "With the ogre's size and the fast-running waters of the river, not many would assume that Qin Feng would be able to succeed, however heroic his efforts were. It was highly amusing, however. The giggle that surrounded them both mirrored that."}, "post-84503": {"user": "Qin Feng", "user_num": 3091, "timestamp": "1534481496000", "message": "Qin felt the rope go slack. He was being lifted up by magic, that was obvious enough. And then his feet something slimy, but at least semi-solid, which was infinitely better than the roaring waters of the river below. A makeshift raft, created from what was probably the spirit, if the ranger had to guess, considering it gave off what seemed to be the same scent of magic he had caught previously. Why, he could not say for the life in him.Letting the raft slowly bring them to the shore, Qin stepped back onto the solid ground, happier to be back on land more than ever. After all, most rangers hated the water - with one notable exception-  since there was no such thing as safe footing in the sea. Hastily, he untied the remaining rope from his chest and the tree that had anchored him, and put it back into his robe, saving it for later, before finding a grassy spot to sit down and catch his breath.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "<br>Qin felt the rope go slack. He was being lifted up by magic, that was obvious enough. And then his feet something slimy, but at least semi-solid, which was infinitely better than the roaring waters of the river below. A makeshift raft, created from what was probably the spirit, if the ranger had to guess, considering it gave off what seemed to be the same scent of magic he had caught previously. Why, he could not say for the life in him.<br/><br/>Letting the raft slowly bring them to the shore, Qin stepped back onto the solid ground, happier to be back on land more than ever. After all, most rangers hated the water - with one notable exception-  since there was no such thing as safe footing in the sea. Hastily, he untied the remaining rope from his chest and the tree that had anchored him, and put it back into his robe, saving it for later, before finding a grassy spot to sit down and catch his breath.<br/></br>"}, "post-86524": {"user": "Grandma", "user_num": 602, "timestamp": "1541393755000", "message": "Although she was taking in all of Zu Fu\u2019s words, visibly Grandma\u2019s attention was on the scenery flanking either side of the path they were taking into the forest. The vibrant red leaves on all the maple trees were quite exceptional looking and there were just so many of them. She wondered how Tawakoshi managed to preserve so many natural places like this, although perhaps the industry here was lower and thus materials weren\u2019t in such a high demand. Regardless of the reason, the forest was one of the most visually appealing ones Grandma had seen.\u201cI do offer some advice to Naoki, most of which she takes, but I wouldn\u2019t necessarily say that is my primary role to her. I recognized Naoki as someone who already had great ideas and while I don\u2019t know if I would refer to her as \u2018wise\u2019 per se\u2026 She is undoubted highly intelligent in a wide variety of subjects and possesses a powerful natural charisma about her. What I offer to Naoki more so than just advice is my assistance in realizing her plans and ideas. She has so many of them, most of them quite good, but implementing them all can prove to be quite troublesome. I look at myself as someone who eases that burden for her.\u201dZu Fu\u2019s mention of a Lord Kojuro was something that drew Grandma\u2019s attention. From the way he spoke of him, she assumed perhaps this was a key member of the \u201cyouth\u201d he had just mentioned a few moments earlier.\u201cWho is this Lord Kojuro if I might ask? You speak about him much more favorably than you did the Shogun.\u201d\u201cTelling you the whole history of Isra before Naoki became Empress would be a bit lengthy, but I can give you a concise summary. Essentially, a group of like-minded people, humans as well as other races decided they wished to form a city where all inhabitants would possess freedom. Many in this group didn\u2019t have a place that they could truly call home prior to Isra. Thus, they formed the Free City of Isra, led by the elf Ildesias Xen Torsal. The city\u2019s size and power grew exponentially in the years after its founding, serving as a magnet for outcast from all over the Overworld. As you can imagine, with so many people arriving and relatively fair laws in place, the Free City became a favorite for traders and merchants. There are countless details I could go into, but I will leave it at that for now.\u201d", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Although she was taking in all of Zu Fu\u2019s words, visibly Grandma\u2019s attention was on the scenery flanking either side of the path they were taking into the forest. The vibrant red leaves on all the maple trees were quite exceptional looking and there were just so many of them. She wondered how Tawakoshi managed to preserve so many natural places like this, although perhaps the industry here was lower and thus materials weren\u2019t in such a high demand. Regardless of the reason, the forest was one of the most visually appealing ones Grandma had seen."}, "post-86836": {"user": "Zu Fu", "user_num": 2798, "timestamp": "1541854273000", "message": "\"Well yes...\" Zu Fu said and nodded. \"Intelligence is one thing. One might have great ideas but may lack the wisdom to implement them properly I reckon.\" Zu Fu said. \"I can't say that I have followed the lord long enough to claim to have helped him realize his ideas and plans, but then again in a way both of just serve Tawakoshi in some respect and above Lord Kojuro I serve the will of the natural essence that brings about life to all spirits in the land.\" Zu Fu said feeling as if something heavy weighed upon him his visage for a while diminished to an old and tired man. \"Ahh, well you are indeed a traveler from a whole other place!\" Zu Fu said and chuckled. \"Lord Kojuro is the leader of this particular area of Tawakoshi we call Kiyonai. He came to power lately as his uncle and the former lord, Genji-dono, fell terribly ill. I do not know much of the story but I can read the young lord's heart quite well and it seems the while grieving for his dying uncle he also wishes to liberate Tawakoshi from the shogun as was his uncles ambition.\" Zu Fu said and sighed heavily. \"He will need good people around him to do so as his heart is still young and open to deceit - but I have chosen to believe he can make a better society for everyone.\" Zu Fu reckoned. \"This sounds like a fairy tale indeed!\" Zu Fu chortled. \"Tawakoshi has been a country for thousands of years and has been allied with other nations like Katashima before, though they fell into civil war and little contact have been retained with them.\" he explained. \"With Isra I reckon that since it has come to be so quickly it may perhaps lack the unity of an old nation?\" Zu Fu asked. ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "\"Well yes...\" Zu Fu said and nodded. \"Intelligence is one thing. One might have great ideas but may lack the wisdom to implement them properly I reckon.\" Zu Fu said. \"I can't say that I have followed the lord long enough to claim to have helped him realize his ideas and plans, but then again in a way both of just serve Tawakoshi in some respect and above Lord Kojuro I serve the will of the natural essence that brings about life to all spirits in the land.\" Zu Fu said feeling as if something heavy weighed upon him his visage for a while diminished to an old and tired man. "}, "post-86921": {"user": "Grandma", "user_num": 602, "timestamp": "1541975485000", "message": "\u201cHow do you know what the will of nature is? I assume you listen to the spirits, but I would be surprised if all the spirits were always in agreement with each other. Is there some older, deeper power that you listen to and meditate upon or are the spirits here in more harmony with each other than I suspect?\u201dNodding at his explanation of why Lord Kojuro aimed to liberate Tawakoshi from its current regime, Grandma considered his final question. Did Isra lack unity compared to an old nature? Grandma felt she held a bit of a different opinion on that than Zu Fu.\u201cIsra might not be completely unified, but I would say for how young a nation it is, it\u2019s rather impressive how few factions there are. I do feel obligated to touch on the topic of old nations being more unified than newer ones. In my experience, I have found the older the nation, the more factions and splits it has. These splits and divides might be far more difficult to notice than say, the ones in a new nation like Isra, but I find they often run far deeper and are almost impossible to mend. Perhaps I would compare them to deep wounds that are scarred over whereas a new nation has less severe but still bleeding cuts that will vanish with time.\u201d The forest Zu Fu was leading her through was certainly beautiful, but she had a feeling Zu Fu hadn\u2019t brought her here just to show her the scenery. Still, she would let the old man reveal their destination in his own time. ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "\u201cHow do you know what the will of nature is? I assume you listen to the spirits, but I would be surprised if all the spirits were always in agreement with each other. Is there some older, deeper power that you listen to and meditate upon or are the spirits here in more harmony with each other than I suspect?\u201d"}, "post-86959": {"user": "Zu Fu", "user_num": 2798, "timestamp": "1542115493000", "message": "\"The will of nature... What a difficult thing to put into words.\" Zu Fu mused and rubbed his chin with a frown. \"Perhaps it is best understood by what it is not. It is not ambition, it is not forcefulness, it is not competition - all these are human concepts. The will of the nature I believe is the pure will to heal, love and grow - no matter the circumstances. I don't even have to ask the spirits about this because I see it in humans every day. Everyone heals and grows infinitely until we become nourishment for the next ones, who will then heal and grow infinitely - just like a tree.\" Zu Fu said and nodded, thinking he might have explained it as well as he could. \"I'm not quite able to tell you about it, as the energy I'm talking about is what nourishes all other things. It would be like trying to paint the concept of 'nothing' I'm afraid.\" he said and chuckled. \"It is a good point you have there. The feeling of unity is often the greatest when the nation is new - which in many ways reminds of a relationship. Progress is fast and quick in the start but then comes the work.\" he said and nodded even quicker to Grandma's observations. \"Yes, yes... indeed we do have wounds in Tawakoshi - and quite a few of them. But it would be wrong to believe that, even in Isra, people don't arrive with their own wounds which will gradually show themselves as rift and strife over a period of time, when they get greedy or the progress of the country is no longer as swift as it was in the start. Mind you I hope Isra will be spared of this, but it has happened for such a long time that it is almost a fact.\" Zu Fu pointed out. \"We're there in a short while, just a little longer yet.\" Zu Fu said and smile. ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "\"The will of nature... What a difficult thing to put into words.\" Zu Fu mused and rubbed his chin with a frown. \"Perhaps it is best understood by what it is not. It is not ambition, it is not forcefulness, it is not competition - all these are human concepts. The will of the nature I believe is the pure will to heal, love and grow - no matter the circumstances. I don't even have to ask the spirits about this because I see it in humans every day. Everyone heals and grows infinitely until we become nourishment for the next ones, who will then heal and grow infinitely - just like a tree.\" Zu Fu said and nodded, thinking he might have explained it as well as he could. \"I'm not quite able to tell you about it, as the energy I'm talking about is what nourishes all other things. It would be like trying to paint the concept of 'nothing' I'm afraid.\" he said and chuckled. "}, "post-86997": {"user": "Grandma", "user_num": 602, "timestamp": "1542244468000", "message": "\u201cHere\u2019s a rather funny question for you, then. I believe you said before you have traveled to other worlds in dreams or visions. Do you believe the will of nature to be absolute everywhere or does your belief only extend here, to the Overworld specifically?\u201dListening to his words about Isra, Grandma nodded slowly in acknowledgment. Her expression was neutral but her voice remained warm in its tone.\u201cWe shall just have to do our best to keep those running Isra as free from such wounds as possible then. It will happen eventually, no doubt about it. Leadership changes are the most prone to such problems surfacing in my mind, although by the same token they can also heal wounds and even at times cause old scars to vanish. I assume that is what you are hoping to happen to Tawakoshi with the young lord you have mentioned.\u201dOffering a slight chuckle at his mention that their destination was approaching, Grandma offered a response in a slightly playful voice.\u201cAre you perhaps taking me out to a hidden teahouse that only the locals know of?\u201d", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "\u201cHere\u2019s a rather funny question for you, then. I believe you said before you have traveled to other worlds in dreams or visions. Do you believe the will of nature to be absolute everywhere or does your belief only extend here, to the Overworld specifically?\u201d"}, "post-87138": {"user": "Zu Fu", "user_num": 2798, "timestamp": "1542708050000", "message": "\"Hmm yes, I would perhaps answer it with another question: Where does our will come from if not from nature?\" Zu Fu asked with a smile. \"I mean it was hardly our own will that brought us to life - then what will did? I have met many - however not close to a fraction of all - creatures that roams our existence and all speaks of - or their lives imply - that of a birth and a death. But none, it seems, were able to willfully control this process.\" Zu Fu explained. \"If you ask me plainly, I would say that birth lets an entity partake in a fraction of the nature's own will - receiving responsibility to direct it at some cause - and at death this will is handed back to nature.\" he said and chuckled slightly. \"Even those claiming to be immortal only prove their own powerlessness towards this will. No true immortal creature - if such thing exists - would need to even concern themselves with being the concept of being immortal. One does not speak of something they do not know about.\" he said and folded his hands on the back. \"Yes indeed, but the wounds only heal if the new lord addresses them properly. I hope I can be there to guide him in that endeavor.\" Zu Fu reckoned. \"But quite frankly the war is none of my business but this... This is, miss Grandma.\" Zu Fu said as his grin seemed to widen as the road stopped before a grand stone shrine overgrown with vines and moss and he turned to grandma briefly. \"I'm sorry I intend to offer you delicious tea in one of my favorite tea houses a little later, but this might be of even greater interest for one like you.\" he said and sat down on his knees. \"This.\" he said and removed a bit of moss to better see what was etched into the table in front of them. \"This shrine is dedicated to the Dragon Spirit of The West.\" he explained and continued. \"His name is Qing-long.\" Zu Fu explained. \"He has been dormant for unknown reasons for many years and the same had Heilong, the dragon of the North, before I visited him prior to coming to Kiyonai.\" Zu Fu said and stood up again. \"Although this war doesn't concern me, I will need to go west to figure out how to wake him up again and why he had been asleep for so long. West is right through war plagued Jeoncho and then Quying afterwards.\" Zu Fu elaborated and looked at grandma with eyes brimming of adventure. \"So I would offer you a true sightseeing of Tawakoshi if you care to come along?\" ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "\"Hmm yes, I would perhaps answer it with another question: Where does our will come from if not from nature?\" Zu Fu asked with a smile. \"I mean it was hardly our own will that brought us to life - then what will did? I have met many - however not close to a fraction of all - creatures that roams our existence and all speaks of - or their lives imply - that of a birth and a death. But none, it seems, were able to willfully control this process.\" Zu Fu explained. "}, "post-87963": {"user": "Grandma", "user_num": 602, "timestamp": "1545875005000", "message": "\u201cYour belief\u2026 It is reasonable I think. In my opinion, it has merit even if my own opinion doesn\u2019t fully align with it. I have come across many different religions and creeds in my travels and yours is certainly more compelling than the majority.\u201dPerhaps when her journey to Tawakoshi concluded, she would have to write down all the beliefs and views she could collect here and compare them to others she had already accounted. Putting such things down on paper to compare would make for an interesting study at the very least. However, such musings were quickly pushed aside at Zu Fu\u2019s mention of a dragon. The old woman\u2019s eyes glinted slightly as she swiveled her gaze towards the elderly man.\u201cA dragon spirit, you say? Well, you are certainly correct, that is something that piques my interest, to put it mildly. I couldn\u2019t possibly turn down an offer as promising as this. Although it\u2019s just a hunch given I haven\u2019t met much of the populace here, I suspect it would be hard to find a better guide of Tawakoshi than you. I do have one question before embarking, however. Why exactly does this dragon spirit need to be awakened? I imagine from the viewpoint of a commoner it would be preferable to let sleeping dragons lie undisturbed.\u201d Moving forward a bit, Grandma leaned forward on her cane a bit, taking a cursory glance over the mossy stone Zu Fu was inspecting. Looking around the area, Grandma decided to search for the presence of magic, something she hadn\u2019t bothered doing in the more populated areas of Tawakoshi. ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "\u201cYour belief\u2026 It is reasonable I think. In my opinion, it has merit even if my own opinion doesn\u2019t fully align with it. I have come across many different religions and creeds in my travels and yours is certainly more compelling than the majority.\u201d"}, "post-87989": {"user": "Zu Fu", "user_num": 2798, "timestamp": "1546033222000", "message": "Zu Fu smiled softly and nodded at Grandma.\"Ahh well I'm happy you enjoy our exchange of experiences. Because what else do we really have to exchange as humans?\" he asked rhetorically without really getting into the subject about whether or not his way of life seemed more or less compelling than others. \"Yes a dragon spirit, one of the four legendary protectors of Tawakoshi.\" Zu Fu nodded although there was a gravity to his voice not present before. \"Well to be quite frank I wouldn't offer this to someone who I didn't consider quite capable in the art of magic. And that's just a hunch from what I feel around you - and I'll certainly try to get us there without taking too long of a detour although your legs are probably a lot fresher than mine.\" Zu Fu laughed. \"However that's a really good question, but it's much like asking why a child has to wake up. Maybe a fly tickles its nostrils or a ray of sun hits its forehead and in the same way I am asked to be such a nuisance.\" he said and smiled. \"The peasants wouldn't have to worry, they would likely never meet them as the dragons are in fact sea dragons and acts as protectors against threats from the outside. What does make me worry is that protectors only awaken when there is need for them, but were I to deny being this buzzing fly we would be much worse off.\" he explained and stood up again. Zu Fu chuckled slightly as Grandma searched for magic around the perimeter. \"Looking for anything in particular?\" he asked her as her search would wield no real results besides their own presences, other presences of magic obscured be the lesser and greater spirits that roamed freely in the area. \"Such an endeavor takes a little more effort when you aren't attuned to the chaotic energies of the spirits all around us.\" he said with a warm smile. \"I could teach you to communicate with spirits at some point if we were lacking something to do on the road.\" Zu Fu offered. \"Would you be able to pack and leave already tomorrow? I do apologize that your trip here isn't going to be that of restitution.\" he said with a wry smile. ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Zu Fu smiled softly and nodded at Grandma."}, "post-87997": {"user": "Grandma", "user_num": 602, "timestamp": "1546046441000", "message": "Raising an eyebrow at what Zu Fu said about the dragons, Grandma decided to pursue that line of thought.\u201cYou wouldn\u2019t offer a meeting with the dragons to someone not capable of magic? Do you fear what they might do to your companions and only wish to bring those who can handle themselves or do you simply not want to bring those unaware of the spirits?\u201dHis mention about her having fresher legs than him got a slight laugh out of the old woman. It was a more accurate comment than he could know.\u201cSea dragons, that\u2019s a rather effective set of guardians given this is an island. I\u2019ve met several dragons in the past, but I\u2019m having some difficulty remembering if I\u2019ve ever come across one that dwells in the depths. Regardless of my past encounters, I am looking forward to meeting the guardians of the island.\u201d\u201cI would also be rather pleased if you showed me how to commune with the spirits here, the differences between them and other spirits I have dealt with intrigues me. What I was looking for? Nothing specific, I was simply curious to see if there was any magic on this engraved stone. As for starting our journey, it will be no problem for me to ready myself by tomorrow. It is a trivial matter for me to pack up the few belongings I left back at the Inn.\u201dGrandma patted the rather ordinary traveler's bag she carried at her final words. ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Raising an eyebrow at what Zu Fu said about the dragons, Grandma decided to pursue that line of thought."}, "post-88028": {"user": "Zu Fu", "user_num": 2798, "timestamp": "1546167754000", "message": "\"The presence of a dragon spirit is no small thing and I mostly fear what it will do to those people's minds to see such an entity in its full glory. The blue dragon spirit wouldn't kill anyone if not provoked but that's why I need someone who is dependable and will not immediately lash out in fear.\" Zu Fu explained. \"Yes, yes. The sea dragons are for sure terrible foes should you want to pick a fight with them. But awaking them is not only out of fear of an unknown enemy but also because Tawakoshi's magical past have been suppressed by the shogun for a long time now and as they rise again from their slumber it resonates with how Tawakoshi will rise from its slumber too with a new ruler and a better understanding of its past.\" he said and smirked. \"I would be honored to!\" Zu Fu said in reference to teaching Grandma about communing with the spirits and nodded. \"This small etched tablet is not magical in itself, but it is the spirits that is attracted to it and that guards this place that holds the real treasure of knowledge. After all I wouldn't know everything, but most are quite happy to tell tales they've seen, heard or even experienced.\" Zu Fu said and gestured with his arms. \"Then let's meet at the\u00a0Nagai Road\u00a0tomorrow morning then!\" Zu Fu said pleased.", "link_list": ["http://thefantasysandbox.boards.net/thread/2530/nagai-road?page=1"], "image_list": [], "html": "\"The presence of a dragon spirit is no small thing and I mostly fear what it will do to those people's minds to see such an entity in its full glory. The blue dragon spirit wouldn't kill anyone if not provoked but that's why I need someone who is dependable and will not immediately lash out in fear.\" Zu Fu explained. "}, "post-88084": {"user": "Grandma", "user_num": 602, "timestamp": "1546222230000", "message": "Offering a nod of acknowledgment on Zu Fu\u2019s reasoning about why he wouldn\u2019t take just anyone to meet the dragon spirits, Grandma turns her thoughts towards his next musings.\u00a0\u201cSo do you believe that if the shogun is succeeded by another, magic will be looked upon more favorably in Tawakoshi? I imagine that even if the next leader of this land allows magic to be used in a more widespread manner it will take time for the stigma given it by the shogun to completely fade from everyone's minds.\u201dIt seemed their time out here was about finished, Zu Fu no doubt had things he needed to attend to before the journey, as did Grandma. Turning her attention away from the engraved stone and directly on Zu Fu, she offered him an appreciative smile.\u201cI shall look forward to being instructed by you on our trip then, Master Zu Fu. From the sounds of it, I have much to learn. As you say, I think it is time for me to take my leave for the night. I think I can remember my way back to the Inn so if you have anything else you need to do out here, don\u2019t feel obligated to escort me back. Until tomorrow then.\u201dOffering the old man a wave of farewell, Grandma began the trek back to the Inn, her mind abuzz with everything her and Zu Fu had just discussed. Of course, it wasn\u2019t just what had been said that weighed on her mind, but what hadn\u2019t been said.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Offering a nod of acknowledgment on Zu Fu\u2019s reasoning about why he wouldn\u2019t take just anyone to meet the dragon spirits, Grandma turns her thoughts towards his next musings.\u00a0"}, "post-88104": {"user": "Zu Fu", "user_num": 2798, "timestamp": "1546256857000", "message": "Zu Fu nodded considering Grandma's thoughts. She was old and had a lot of government experience and thus he heeded her wise words.\"Yes, one must not fall into the belief that society will change at the snap of the fingers.\" Zu Fu said remembering exactly how naive he had been in regards to that in his youth and Grandma was a nice reminder of that. \"The way back is safe - especially for one like you - so I bid you farewell!\" Zu Fu said and smiled. He was going to meditate upon the journey a little and ask the spirits to show him guidance for the trip they would be starting tomorrow, a trip of this importance he would definitely need assistance on. ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Zu Fu nodded considering Grandma's thoughts. She was old and had a lot of government experience and thus he heeded her wise words."}, "post-92804": {"user": "Xyrix", "user_num": 3461, "timestamp": "1564571338000", "message": "Xyrix stood in the midst of the maples throughout the valley of fire with a quiet wonder spread across his face. A beautiful place teeming with spiritual energy is enough to sate any mediums heart. Being someone lacking in the department of being picky, this brought a great joy to his. He looked onward at the spirits that beckoned him here from the shrine with a humble smile. He took a few steps forward but kept a respectful distance before kneeling before them.He bowed deeply in their direction for a long time then rose back to his knees.\"You are gracious hosts for allowing me to be here. Your presence emanates energy unlike I've ever felt. I have so many questions, would you let me ask them.\"Xyrix spoke calm and smooth. Trying to stay simple in his conversation as he did not want a repeat reaction from the teahouse.\u00a0", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Xyrix stood in the midst of the maples throughout the valley of fire with a quiet wonder spread across his face. A beautiful place teeming with spiritual energy is enough to sate any mediums heart. Being someone lacking in the department of being picky, this brought a great joy to his. He looked onward at the spirits that beckoned him here from the shrine with a humble smile. He took a few steps forward but kept a respectful distance before kneeling before them."}, "post-93022": {"user": "Xiong Shuren", "user_num": 2467, "timestamp": "1565674325000", "message": "Xiong walked beside Xyrix, his hand folded behind his back as they came back to a familiar place to him. He would set his pack down against the base of a tree and smile seeing he shrine once more. \"Much easier time getting here than last.\" He mused looking at the shrine, \"Though I wouldn't mind the chase again my dearest Guardian.\" He said bowing his head in reverence. The outfit he wore was a lot more modest, a simple monks outfit, tan tunic and pants with wooden sandal with a new set of prayer beads hanging from his neck. He carried with them provisions and a silver straight sword.. Just in case. He would walk towards the shrine \"Oh children!\" He would call out like a proud dad coming home from a long day of work. \"Lets play!\" He said with excitement in his eyes. ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Xiong walked beside Xyrix, his hand folded behind his back as they came back to a familiar place to him. He would set his pack down against the base of a tree and smile seeing he shrine once more. \"Much easier time getting here than last.\" He mused looking at the shrine, \"Though I wouldn't mind the chase again my dearest Guardian.\" He said bowing his head in reverence. "}}