{"post-84332": {"user": "Tawakoshi", "user_num": 2730, "timestamp": "1533585455000", "message": "In this room Yasuke retreats after a hard day of working - and possibly night of gambling. While not in anyway luxuriously decorated, he has quite a few things lying around in a disorganized fashion. Chests with stuff, baskets with clothes and various pieces of army and weapons hang on the walls while a few lanterns make a sparsely light source in this far end of the Hizashi mansion. This would very much seem as the Japanese version of a 'Bachelor's Crib'.\u00a0", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "In this room Yasuke retreats after a hard day of working - and possibly night of gambling. While not in anyway luxuriously decorated, he has quite a few things lying around in a disorganized fashion. Chests with stuff, baskets with clothes and various pieces of army and weapons hang on the walls while a few lanterns make a sparsely light source in this far end of the Hizashi mansion. This would very much seem as the Japanese version of a 'Bachelor's Crib'.\u00a0"}, "post-84333": {"user": "Yasuke Shisou", "user_num": 2496, "timestamp": "1533588198000", "message": "\"Oof...\" Yasuke sighed as he stomped into his room after a night out. Someone had been up in his face this evening too, and while Yasuke was quite apt with his fists these pointless bar fights wasn't his cup of tea and he reckoned that he might have held back a bit too much earning his opponent a few good hits. Nothing major and he had counted all his teeth on his way home so he was sure that all the teeth left on the bar desk were indeed not his. Still he was exhausted and tomorrow loomed a new day with 'samurai chores'. \"Fixing a damn door seems to be one of them...\" Yasuke mumbled as he closed the screechy shoji door and quickly let his body drop to the tatami that was his bed. Yasuke felt his teeth with his tongue again ensuring they were all present and touched his stomach with his hand - the bastard had hit hard but Yasuke slowly fell into a dreamless state of relaxation despite the uncomfortable sensation. \"Huh...?\" Yasuke slowly hummed, hearing the screeching door again while opening his eye halfway. Nope, the door is still closed. \"I must be dreaming...\" Yasuke said and took a deep breath trying to go back to sleep. However he felt a slight tickling sensation on his right cheek. At first he thought it to be a mosquito, but without the buzzing around his curiosity extended to opening his eye halfway again. However before he got to see what this was all about a furry paw was planted in his eye and the 'screeching' from before had returned. \"Wh-what do you want?!!\" Yasuke exclaimed and got up and looked at the small creature with a frown. \"A cat..?\" he said confused and scratched his head. A small white kitten sat besides his tatami and meowed while looking at Yasuke with those big eyes. \"What..? What's the matter?!?\" he asked even more intently as he put his head close to the kitten trying to stare it down. Yasuke shrugged and rolled his eyes. \"Alright you're going out now fella!\" he said and grabbed the kitten with his hand and attempted to lift it up and expel it from his room. However a set of well developed claws meant the kitten was quite firmly holding onto the tatami floor and Yasuke found that the task was not as easily accomplished as he had thought at first. \"What you little...!\" Yasuke said angrily though sitting there and licking its big paw and looking at Yasuke with those innocent eyes he felt it difficult to force the matter by physical force. \"Okay listen up dude! I'll get you some night snacks and then you're out of here, gettit?\" Yasuke said and waved his finger in front of the kitten, the small furry creature playfully batting at it. Yasuke pulled it back unconvinced that the cat had understood the deal but nevertheless went to journey for milk and tuna. The Hizashi mansion always had food and as Yasuke sometimes came home inebriated he had made a habit of dropping by the kitchen to snack an easy meal and thus knew quite well what they stored in there. Of course nobody knew he was 'giving the goods a taste' as he knew a small window that was never really locked. A little later Yasuke returned with the tuna and milk though it seemed the small kitten was no longer in the mood for food - and perhaps hadn't been before as it had curled up on his tatami sleeping soundly. Yasuke sighed as he arranged the milk and tuna anyway and carefully poked the kitten. \"Hey, it's dinner time. Hey..!\" he said, though the kitten seemed reluctant to wake up and only twitching and purring slightly. Yasuke crossed his arms and looked at it for a few seconds before lifting it up and looking at the window.\"It's cold out there tonight little fellow, you can sleep here. But just for tonight.\" Yasuke said laid down on the tatami placing the still sleeping kitten on his belly. The purr seemed to have an odd soothing effect on his bruised muscles in the stomach - a nice sensation as if very gently massaging the sore area. \"Maybe I'll name you 'killer'\", he said with a faint smile gently caressing it with his index finger feeling how the kitten's calm breathing lulled Yasuke to sleep. ", "link_list": ["https://flic.kr/p/28uEe1k", "https://flic.kr/p/28uEe1k", "https://www.flickr.com/photos/137813549@N06/"], "image_list": ["https://farm2.staticflickr.com/1795/42987509815_ee084fc4e3_o.jpg"], "html": "\"Oof...\" Yasuke sighed as he stomped into his room after a night out. Someone had been up in his face this evening too, and while Yasuke was quite apt with his fists these pointless bar fights wasn't his cup of tea and he reckoned that he might have held back a bit too much earning his opponent a few good hits. Nothing major and he had counted all his teeth on his way home so he was sure that all the teeth left on the bar desk were indeed not his. Still he was exhausted and tomorrow loomed a new day with 'samurai chores'. "}, "post-87194": {"user": "Nakatani", "user_num": 426, "timestamp": "1542919690000", "message": "Even now that Nakatani had become the official consort of Kojuro, she had been known to still help out the other maids around the mansion. So nobody batted an eye when one day Naka offered them to clean Yasuke's room for them. In fact they seemed quite happy that she offered to do it. When she entered the room she immediately understood. His clothes were scattered around the room and his futon was in disarray. Nothing was in the place where it was meant to be and a musky, sweaty smell filled the room. She sighed, time to get to cleaning. But that wasn't the thing that she had come for. She still wasn't convinced that Yasuke had nothing to do with her kidnapping and she was going to found out for sure even if she had to endanger herself. She knew he was away today, she knew he would not come home till at least dinner. She even hoped he would stay away for longer then that. She started to clean everything up, but at the same time engaged her search. She searched every pocket in his clothing before bringing them away for cleaning. She felt along the walls for weird cracks while she dusted. She flipped the table to look for anything hidden under it while putting a wet cloth over it. She even searched through his chests and wardrobes. But she came up empty. Did he really have nothing to do with it? Was it all in the mind? Had she gone crazy? She bit her lip hard trying to get herself back to her senses. Maybe it was time to finally accept that she would never know... But then she found it. As she was clearing away the futon there was a weird ledge underneath it. She threw the futon away from her into a corner, not even caring about clearing it away for now. She dug her nails under the edge and started to pry away at it. After a few moments, the tatami came loose from the floor and revealed a wooden plank under it that wasn't supposed to be there. She threw the tatami into the corner as well and started to remove the wooden plank. It was thick and heavy and it took her quite a bit of strength to shove it to the side. It revealed a hole of about one square meter that was dug into the ground underneath the mansion. And it wasn't empty either. She started to take whatever she saw out of there and looked at it. She found several cattail plants plucked out of the gardens. She didn't know why it was hidden, but it certainly wasn't what she was looking for, so she placed it down next to her. She found her nose starting to feel itchy and had to stop several times during her search to sneeze. Next she found bits of pickled fish in small containers. It smelled horrible. Again she placed it next to her, not finding the time to question why these items were in there. It took her a few more questionable items before she pulled out a black sack that had been blending in with the dirt. She could feel her heart pounding as she opened it up and revealed what was inside. Black clothing with leather straps and a mask for the face. The exact clothing that her kidnapper had worn. Tears started to well up in her eyes blurring her sights. She had been right, she had known.. She knew she could trust her guts. She hugged the clothing to her chest, sobbing softly. She wasn't going crazy. And there she sat down, unable to calm herself down enough to go outside. Time passing her by.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Even now that Nakatani had become the official consort of Kojuro, she had been known to still help out the other maids around the mansion. So nobody batted an eye when one day Naka offered them to clean Yasuke's room for them. In fact they seemed quite happy that she offered to do it. "}, "post-87245": {"user": "Yasuke Shisou", "user_num": 2496, "timestamp": "1543160683000", "message": "After the war had concluded Yasuke had hoped to being able to relax a little but it seemed like life had other plans for him. His house was still under construction and he had used the day conducting talks with servants, builders and the architect to figure out how to go about constructing it in the most efficient manner and recruiting people for his household. It was a jarringly mature task but even though his steps were heavy on the way back a slight smile had crept up his face - perhaps this 'hard word and honesty' thing would really pay off? He started imagining himself in the house along with servants - and perhaps even a wife and kids? \"Lord Yasuke..!\" he said and straightened his back. \"I bet my dad never saw that coming. Huh, did you Gihei you treacherous servant kidnapper?!?\" he exclaimed to himself and chuckled as he thought that perhaps being good needed to be tempered with a little bit of underhandedness anyway. At least it seemed like that was the way to go right now.As Yasuke entered the Hizashi Mansion he was already starting to look forward to putting his head on the pillow and had to remind himself to feed 'Killer' his cat as he thought about the cloak he had used last when he had abducted Nakatani - it was still in there and reminded him of a side of himself he was starting to distance himself from. \"I better get rid of that old piece of cloth now - burn it perhaps.\" he mused as he strolled towards his in his own thoughts. It was most likely only a few months more before he could move into his new house and he had to find some excuse to have killer in his new house without the servants thinking he was soft. Yasuke reached for the sliding door instinctively but only grabbed thin air hearing a sobbing voice inside which was vastly different from Killer's meowing and he took a step inside the wooden floor creaked slightly as he did. \"Naka... tani-dono?\" he asked and looked at her before seeing all his clothes spread around the room. Had she forgotten how to clean or..? \"What are you doing?\" he asked, feeling surprised more than anything. However his eyes suddenly fixed themselves upon the secret room that had been opened and then in lightning fast succession on the cloak Nakatani sat with and he froze opening his eyes wide. Every cell in Yasuke's body had only one response: 'This is bad!'.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "After the war had concluded Yasuke had hoped to being able to relax a little but it seemed like life had other plans for him. His house was still under construction and he had used the day conducting talks with servants, builders and the architect to figure out how to go about constructing it in the most efficient manner and recruiting people for his household. It was a jarringly mature task but even though his steps were heavy on the way back a slight smile had crept up his face - perhaps this 'hard word and honesty' thing would really pay off? He started imagining himself in the house along with servants - and perhaps even a wife and kids? \"Lord Yasuke..!\" he said and straightened his back. \"I bet my dad never saw that coming. Huh, did you Gihei you treacherous servant kidnapper?!?\" he exclaimed to himself and chuckled as he thought that perhaps being good needed to be tempered with a little bit of underhandedness anyway. At least it seemed like that was the way to go right now."}, "post-87458": {"user": "Nakatani", "user_num": 426, "timestamp": "1543914120000", "message": "She actually jumped a little herself when she heard a voice. When she realized it was Yasuke, fear grabbed at her heart for just a second. 'No, you are not going to be afraid of him anymore!' she told herself and reminded herself of the small knife that was hidden under the layers of her kimono. Kojuro had insisted on her to take it with her after she had been kidnapped, and right now she was happy that he did. \"You really made me feel like a crazy person you know.. All this time I knew it was you, I just couldn't prove it. All this time I have been unable to sleep at night, wondering who did that to me. Wondering who I could trust and who I couldn't. Who would have thought that it was the person who was so close to Kojuro himself? Making yourself out like a hero by saving me..\" A tear rolled over her cheek and she bit her lip as she slowly got up and turned around to look at him. Her eyes were full of emotion and anger. He was probably the first person who had been her angry within this whole mansion. \"Was that your plan? To become a true samurai in the service of the Hizashi? To get a higher rank? Even when you did it in such a dishonorable way...\" She paused. \"It doesn't matter anymore. As soon as I tell Kojuro you will be gone from here. I won't ever have to see your face again.\" ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "She actually jumped a little herself when she heard a voice. When she realized it was Yasuke, fear grabbed at her heart for just a second. 'No, you are not going to be afraid of him anymore!' she told herself and reminded herself of the small knife that was hidden under the layers of her kimono. Kojuro had insisted on her to take it with her after she had been kidnapped, and right now she was happy that he did. "}, "post-87460": {"user": "Yasuke Shisou", "user_num": 2496, "timestamp": "1543917227000", "message": "Yasuke looked around as if to confirm this was really his room and that he hadn't barged into some alternative reality. Unfortunately it was and he was in the bind of his life. Part of Yasuke wanted to run but his legs couldn't move right now and he could only listen to her words and he didn't feel like the great samurai right now as everything he had built for himself had crumbled to pieces. He wanted to apologize, to tell her he had improved - which was no lie - but those would be hollow words against the accusations she was throwing it him. Would he lie now then? No even the best lie would pale when her emotions touched Kojuro's heart. Why did he do it? Of course the truth was that he needed to desperately escape his past and in doing so other people had only been pawns in his game - but in the process he had found some small degree of comfort - peace even - in the fact that his skills was appreciated by someone. And not just anyone, it was the lord of the land and he even dared called Yasuke 'friend' on a few occasions, a word Yasuke hadn't dared return out fear that his friendship was worth too little - and perhaps it was. In the light of this he knew that their friendship was no more from the moment Naka had found out. Yasuke's face hardened into a frown, he had always been a wild dog who only served himself and Nakatani would now see that those cold eyes had done far worse than kidnapping a servant and he towered well above her carrying his sheathed swords at his side as he approached. \"I'm sure you will tell Lord Kojuro everything about this, Nakatani-dono. That's why i'm asking myself if it was wise to tell me that?\" Yasuke said and glared at Nakatani.\u00a0", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Yasuke looked around as if to confirm this was really his room and that he hadn't barged into some alternative reality. Unfortunately it was and he was in the bind of his life. Part of Yasuke wanted to run but his legs couldn't move right now and he could only listen to her words and he didn't feel like the great samurai right now as everything he had built for himself had crumbled to pieces. He wanted to apologize, to tell her he had improved - which was no lie - but those would be hollow words against the accusations she was throwing it him. Would he lie now then? No even the best lie would pale when her emotions touched Kojuro's heart. "}, "post-87462": {"user": "Nakatani", "user_num": 426, "timestamp": "1543918759000", "message": "She gritted her teeth at him. She had promised herself he wouldn't scare her anymore, but she was well aware of how weak she was compared to him. He was a trained warrior and she was someone who happened to carry a knife. If he did decide to attack her the only hope she had was that she could surprise him, that he wouldn't expect her to be armed. \"What are you going to do? Soil yourself even further by killing me before I can speak? Are you going to try and maneuver my body through the mansion hoping nobody will see? Or will you stuff me in your little hole and hope I won't stink up the place? It's over, Yasuke-san. You can't win this one...\" She tried to sound as confident as she could, even though the thought of her dead body being buried under his room made her feel sick, it took all of her to not throw up right there. She had to hold her composure if she hoped to get out of here without that happening. She wasn't sure what he was still capable of. ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "She gritted her teeth at him. She had promised herself he wouldn't scare her anymore, but she was well aware of how weak she was compared to him. He was a trained warrior and she was someone who happened to carry a knife. If he did decide to attack her the only hope she had was that she could surprise him, that he wouldn't expect her to be armed. "}, "post-87464": {"user": "Yasuke Shisou", "user_num": 2496, "timestamp": "1543921488000", "message": "Yasuke looked at her with narrowed eyes and assessed her.\"Putting on your bravest face huh?\" he commented seeing as her courage had only been a thin facade. Like a paper door that pretended to be a braced wooden gate. Nakatani's suggestions weren't far from what he was capable of and the compulsion to end the apparent source of his frustration and anger - the last loose end - had his hand searching towards the hilt of his sword, but then someone else entered his room and Yasuke looked to the window that was halfway open. He looked at Nakatani again.\"Excuse me.\" he said and took a few steps over to the window where he picked up the small furball. \"So you've come back for food, huh Killer? Or did you find a small mouse on your way home..?\" he said and put his nose down to its mouth trying to smell it when the cat bit Yasuke's nose. \"Auch..! Hey, hey I'm just trying to figure out if your hungry!\" he said and cringed. \"Oh well that's not my business I suppose - and certainly it won't be much longer.\" he said and stepped back to Nakatani. \"His name is Killer, he eats only the best tuna and makes for a great heat pillow.\" he said and placed the white cat in Nakatani's arms before starting to shuffle around the room gathering a few necessities in a sack he threw over his shoulder and gave Nakatani a gaze that was more apologetic than anything, but he was clear about what had to be done as he placed himself in the doorway. He had come to realize that deep inside he cared for those that had actually been kind to him - at least enough to know that he was done harming them.  \"I never meant for a lot of things to happen, but they did.\" he said and sighed. \"You better go tell Kojuro the truth, but I'd be grateful if you gave Killer some food first... and perhaps a bath. And combed his fur before tugging him to sleep.\" Yasuke said - a thinly veiled plea to give him just a fair head start. If he had ever been considered a true samurai not doing what his dark compulsion had so urged him to was his last act of respect towards the House Hizashi and a way to protect its inhabitants against the greatest threat towards them - himself. ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Yasuke looked at her with narrowed eyes and assessed her."}}