{"post-44990": {"user": "Isra - The Free City", "user_num": 1482, "timestamp": "1469369712000", "message": "One of the first constructions of Ryden Greyiron during his tenure as Judiciary Governor, the immense bastille beneath the Citadel was created for the specific purpose of housing larger prisoners. The strange, shimmering, black cube sits anchored by thick, long chains in a massive cavern emptied by mages, and seems to draw in all of the light around it. When inhabited, it is protected by a full host of mages, monitoring the prisoner within, and ensuring that no magic can be used by said prisoner.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "One of the first constructions of Ryden Greyiron during his tenure as Judiciary Governor, the immense bastille beneath the Citadel was created for the specific purpose of housing larger prisoners. The strange, shimmering, black cube sits anchored by thick, long chains in a massive cavern emptied by mages, and seems to draw in all of the light around it. When inhabited, it is protected by a full host of mages, monitoring the prisoner within, and ensuring that no magic can be used by said prisoner."}, "post-45128": {"user": "Attla, the Conniving", "user_num": 1225, "timestamp": "1469519235000", "message": "Glavilidom was bound, unmoving. Still in a comatose state, he provided no resistance as he was chained. Slow, drawn out breaths were exhaled from his maw, his great sleep seemingly unending. Despite the barriers in place, magic practically pulsated from his form. The magic wouldn't be harmful and would merely muddle the mind and cloud your senses. The magic was a product of Glavilidom's millennia year old mind, during that time he wrote thousands of magical tomes and read far more. Nearly every spell known was ingrained inside of his mind, meticulously memorised. Every facet and detail. He was a living encyclopedia of magic and due to the fact his mind was more-or-less unguarded, as he was comatose, you could easily gain access to this information.His mind being in its unguarded state also left his memories available to viewing. Any half-experienced mage could easily cycle through his memories, however it would take a long while to survey the entirety of his mind, due to the sheer quantity of memories Glavilidom possesses. His very being was available for viewing. The time for viewing this would be slum, however. In a matter of days he would wake and his mental defences would consolidate and enter their previous, impenetrable state.His chest rose and fell as he blissfully slumbered, a strange state for a dragon. He looked peaceful.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Glavilidom was bound, unmoving. Still in a comatose state, he provided no resistance as he was chained. Slow, drawn out breaths were exhaled from his maw, his great sleep seemingly unending. Despite the barriers in place, magic practically pulsated from his form. The magic wouldn't be harmful and would merely muddle the mind and cloud your senses. The magic was a product of Glavilidom's millennia year old mind, during that time he wrote thousands of magical tomes and read far more. Nearly every spell known was ingrained inside of his mind, meticulously memorised. Every facet and detail. He was a living encyclopedia of magic and due to the fact his mind was more-or-less unguarded, as he was comatose, you could easily gain access to this information."}, "post-45478": {"user": "Attla, the Conniving", "user_num": 1225, "timestamp": "1469858589000", "message": "One day went past and he was one day closer to awaking. Three days roughly would be the time it would take for him to rouse.Or so it would seem. Attla was conscious inside of Glavilidom. Utilising not magic, but the mind of Glavilidom, taking advantage of its open state, Attla could force Glavilidom to wake more quickly. Attla would take on the form of Glavilidom's subconscious, and subconsciously chide Glavilidom into awakening, manipulating him into believing he had no external injury. This act would cause Glavilidom's regeneration to a more measured pace and drastically lower the time it would take for him to arise from his coma.The once 72 hour sleep was chopped down into roughly 8 hours, as the tricked mind of Glavilidom grew closer to waking. You could sense this, his breathing patterns changed to a faster pace and he noticeably changed in heat, touching Glavilidom's hide would provide temperatures from 40-50 degrees Celsius (104 degrees Fahrenheit), a change on average of 10 degrees (or 20 degrees Fahrenheit). Past the visible physical changes, his mind increased in activity. Vivid images and recollections of Glavilidom's capture cycled through his mind, being played over and over again.\u00a0The external magic released from his form was absorbed once more. His magic would have no external impact. He was gathering his power, reinvigorating himself, getting back to his full strength. He hadn't been at his full strength during the events of the central plaza. He would be more powerful when he would awake, as he would gain back his physical and mental composure. This would benefit Glavilidom, in that his physical form would be more defined and his use of godly powers would be far less limited.\u00a0", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "One day went past and he was one day closer to awaking. Three days roughly would be the time it would take for him to rouse."}, "post-46122": {"user": "Attla, the Conniving", "user_num": 1225, "timestamp": "1470816782000", "message": "Eyes opened. He awoke.\u00a0Hatred.Hatred of those who had captured him. The only though he may muster.He needed to escape. To ascend his shackles. To take flight. He must leave now. Or else he would die. He launched himself forwards. He was kept in place by the chains that bound him.\"SET ME FREE!\"He screamed with primal rage. But he couldn't scream.He couldn't talk. He couldn't say no single word. His jaw was bound.His mind lashed put towards the mages in the cube. Not just the mages in the cube. But every being in the citadel. Wherever his mind may traverse, he went. He roared, his voice raw, primal, angry, fearful, scared, anxious and most of all: spiteful. He screamed for them to free him, to unbind his wings to let him BE FREE. He would fight and fight and scream and shout and smash and bludgeon and break and run and...I WILL NOT GIVE IN!He smashed himself against the ground. The force would shake the ground, reverberating. A horribke noise, the sound of scale against stone. I will not be contained.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Eyes opened. He awoke.\u00a0"}, "post-46402": {"user": "Grandma", "user_num": 602, "timestamp": "1471239264000", "message": "Following Naoki\u2019s suggestion, Grandma made her way down to the heavily secured cube. The Sun Marshall badge seemed to work as well as Naoki had promised, guards allowing her through without complaint. Although perhaps some remembered her from when she was in charge of law enforcement, regardless, she was curious to see what manner of creature caused such a commotion in the plaza.Earlier that day Grandma had managed to get the mages on duty who were protecting the cube swapped with Sun Marshal mages. Only temporarily of course, but she wanted this visit to be off the record for the most part. Before entering The Cube, Grandma regarded the prisoner inside with one of her many supernatural Sights. It was a dragon of some kind, nothing particularly new for her. Still, she could sense a great deal of magic coming from the dragon held inside. How delightful.Ordering the mages to open the door to The Cube, Grandma entered, ordering the door to be sealed shut once she was inside. Her cane clicked on the smooth stone below her as she approached the dragon, stopping around twenty feet away from him.\u201cSo you\u2019re the one who caused a disturbance in my absence. Tsk.\u201d Her tone was one of disdain as she surveyed him with a cold gaze one might give to a large dog that had misbehaved.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Following Naoki\u2019s suggestion, Grandma made her way down to the heavily secured cube. The Sun Marshall badge seemed to work as well as Naoki had promised, guards allowing her through without complaint. Although perhaps some remembered her from when she was in charge of law enforcement, regardless, she was curious to see what manner of creature caused such a commotion in the plaza."}, "post-46412": {"user": "Attla, the Conniving", "user_num": 1225, "timestamp": "1471247962000", "message": "His gaze hardened.He could not speak, still. He stared at Grandma. His eyes studied her form. Speaking with mindvoice, he responded.\"Who are you, tail-splitter?!\"Who was this before him? Some black-robed demon? Was that walking stick a stave? Was he being executed? His mind reeled, thinking forward. He could not know what would come next.He assessed his vulnerability as he had slept. His mind must have already been examined to its fullest. Each memory of his thoroughly sorted and categorised. He was sickened by the very idea.\"Did you look into my mind as I slept?\"He took no time to allow a response.\"Of course you would have. Filth.\"What would he have to do to be freed? Be some puppet for their use, despite his innocence? They must be corrupted. They obviously have no perception of right, or wrong. To capture such a pure being as his. He only did what was right. He never was immoral. That would be impossible. After all, he is a god.Were they heretics? Pagans? He could not conceive this. For all he had known, all in this mortal domain had followed one of the minor gods. He was a minor god. They should recognise this. Elsewise he will destroy them.However, they had a chance. They could redeem themselves if they granted him freedom.\"Free me sinner and I will forgive. I am Glavilidom, god of wisdom and the second lord of dragons!\" ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "His gaze hardened."}, "post-46449": {"user": "Grandma", "user_num": 602, "timestamp": "1471276087000", "message": "Leaning in on her cane, Grandma patiently listens to Glavilidom, still studying him with her unwavering gaze. As he finishes his demand, she addresses him, her tone more neutral this time.\u201cI go by the name Grandma. You seem to be a rather amusing dragon. I\u2019ve seen plenty of humans with delusions of grandeur, but you have to be the first dragon I\u2019ve met with such a bad case of it. Most dragons could back it up to some extent, but claiming to be a god? Did some village of a few hundred people worship you for several generations? Did a kingdom believe you to be their god and do as you said? I\u2019m quite curious to hear why you believe yourself to be a god.\u201dGrandma pauses for a moment and paces back and forth before him. She seems to be anticipating something, something that makes her rather excited.\u201cAs for your memories, although the mages got some of it, I don\u2019t particularly trust their competence in getting all the knowledge from something like yourself. Unfortunately I wasn\u2019t here to insure all your memories were looked at. Therefore, I shall have to do that task before I leave\u2026 I suggest you don\u2019t resist me on that, if you do, you\u2019ll end up losing more than just your memories.\u201dGiving him a positively twisted smile, she continues.\u201cYou said that you were the \u2018second lord of dragons\u2019. Are you saying there was a first lord of the dragons? Although I don\u2019t believe you to be a god, you do have quite a bit of magic. Are there other dragons like you out there? Of course, you don\u2019t have to answer any of these questions now. After all, I\u2019ll get all this info before I leave regardless.\u201d", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Leaning in on her cane, Grandma patiently listens to Glavilidom, still studying him with her unwavering gaze. As he finishes his demand, she addresses him, her tone more neutral this time."}, "post-46577": {"user": "Attla, the Conniving", "user_num": 1225, "timestamp": "1471382927000", "message": "\"If you must know, I am a God.\"Moving in his limited confines, he cut himself with his claw. Golden blood streamed out. He grimaced in pain. What a foolish choice. This 'Grandma' wouldn't believe him anyway. She thought he was just merely an ego-inflated dragon. He was wounded by what she had said, severely. He could not cope with the idea that he was not disimiliar to mortalkind. He was above them, better than them. Purer. He had worked so hard to become a god, and worked so hard as a god, that he thought he may be different somehow. But these stinging words drew into his deepest fears.He composed himself, before he replied.\"The second lord of dragons? I was the second dragon to ever ascend into godhood. This therefore granted me the title of 'Lord of Dragons', for it is a domain I partially rule over.\"But then, it hit him. Why am I here? I wasn't the one who'd id this for myself. It was this putrid being inside of me. His mind cleared.\"I wish to say a word.\"\"I believe I am innocent, now hear me out.\"\"When I entered this realm, I was already in the central plaza. They had called me due to the fact they were in pain.\u00a0I came down and hijacked the body of one of my worshippers. He had used a spell in order to become a dragon. This worshipper is still locked within me.From this point, I had no idea what was going on. Apparently, this man had provoked this town and therefore I tried to ease the situation by forming a banquet table. Then I was subsequently attacked and as a last resort, I entered a comatose state. Now I have awoken here.\"\"I believe I am unfairly judged on the actions of this man. He brought me into this, unfairly. I do not see how I should be judged for his unruly actions in the central plaza.\"His anger had faded by now.\"I apologise for my rashness observed as I awoke.\"\"It was triggered by a recurring dream in my comatose state. Please, do not take this as a reflection of me.\"", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "\"If you must know, I am a God.\""}, "post-46585": {"user": "Grandma", "user_num": 602, "timestamp": "1471385724000", "message": "Grandma raises her eyebrows at Glavilidom\u2019s explanation. He claimed to be unjustly imprisoned because his own worshiper hijacked his powers or tricked him? Grandma couldn\u2019t help herself from chuckling slightly. If that wasn\u2019t the perfect example of him not being a \u2018god\u2019 she didn\u2019t know what was. Regardless, she would investigate the truth of this claim. For her, doing so would be a fairly trivial matter.\u201cAlthough what you claim is rather strange, I shall see if you tell the truth in regards to having another soul in your body.\u201dOrdering the mages to insure the magic containment field didn\u2019t interfere with her magic, but still keeping the field on Glavilidom, Grandma placed her cane to the side and stared with great intensity at Glavilidom. After a few moments of this, the aura around Grandma changes for a split second, her eyes turning completely black and gazing directly into Glavilidom. It would feel as if all was being laid bare before the unnatural gaze.This gaze lasts only for a moment, Grandma\u2019s eyes turning back to normal as she bends over to retrieve her cane. She then regards Glavilidom with a quizzical look before speaking to him.\u201cIt seems you tell the truth, Glavilidom. I must say, I was quite surprised to see the soul of a mortal residing alongside your own. As it seems you are telling the truth, I shall offer you a deal.\u201dAbsentmindedly, Grandma pulls a strange jar of some kind out from within the folds of her robes.\u201cYou will be given some water filled with a number of potions in it. These potions won\u2019t prove harmful to you at all, but they will send you into a deep sleep for a day or so. While you are asleep I shall extract the soul of the mortal from you and go through your memories to ascertain what you say is the truth. If what you claim is indeed true, I shall speak to the High Lady of Isra myself on your behalf. Most likely, I will be able to free you from this jail in an expedient fashion. This is the best bargain I can offer you.\u201dLeaning on her staff, Grandma then continues in a slightly more ominous tone.\u201cOf course, if you refuse, I\u2019m afraid you\u2019ll most likely be stuck down here for quite a long time before you get a trial or even another visitor. It seems most of those in our actual justice department are a bit wary of speaking to a creature such as yourself face to face. Although Isra is a great city, our standard lines of communication in the Justice department aren\u2019t exactly the most expedient\u2026\u201dGrandma paces back and forth slowly before him as she waits for his answer.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Grandma raises her eyebrows at Glavilidom\u2019s explanation. He claimed to be unjustly imprisoned because his own worshiper hijacked his powers or tricked him? Grandma couldn\u2019t help herself from chuckling slightly. If that wasn\u2019t the perfect example of him not being a \u2018god\u2019 she didn\u2019t know what was. Regardless, she would investigate the truth of this claim. For her, doing so would be a fairly trivial matter."}, "post-46799": {"user": "Attla, the Conniving", "user_num": 1225, "timestamp": "1471520180000", "message": "This thing inside of him, beast or man, was a truly malevolent creature. It would be of great aid to the world to rid it of this creature. He knew that it tried to destroy him, as he was weakened. He felt pure hatred towards his past would-be-killer. He wanted him dead, more than that, he lusted for him to experience pain. He was in an impenetrable shell inside of him, currently. Even Glavilidom was not able to breach the magical barrier that Attla had created. He could, if he hadn't had magical bounds put upon him. He smirked underneath his muzzle. He could get revenge. Sweet revenge.\"I give my consent, for the extraction of this soul.\"", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "This thing inside of him, beast or man, was a truly malevolent creature. It would be of great aid to the world to rid it of this creature. He knew that it tried to destroy him, as he was weakened. He felt pure hatred towards his past would-be-killer. He wanted him dead, more than that, he lusted for him to experience pain. He was in an impenetrable shell inside of him, currently. Even Glavilidom was not able to breach the magical barrier that Attla had created. He could, if he hadn't had magical bounds put upon him. "}, "post-46809": {"user": "Grandma", "user_num": 602, "timestamp": "1471544146000", "message": "Lips quirking slightly in the closest thing Grandma had shown Glavilidom resembling a smile, she nodded curtly.\u201cA wise decision. I shall start the preparations immediately.\u201dLeaving The Cube for the present, Grandma ordered the water be brought before Glavilidom, considering how she would go about extracting this particular soul while she waited for Glavilidom to drink it. Once Glavilidom had drank his fill of the water, he would fall into a deep slumber, one that would most likely take a few days to awake from.Having mulled over the different options for extraction, Grandma decided to go with the rather overkill, yet extremely reliable one. Ordering four square shaped runes to be moved into The Cube itself, Grandma directed them placed one in each corner. Runes arranged in a satisfactory fashion, Grandma took another look at the soul residing alongside Glavilidom\u2019s. It appeared to be holding on for dear life to the dragon\u2019s body. That wouldn\u2019t do, she would need to shatter its hold before ripping it out. As simply restraining the use of magic hadn\u2019t broken the hold, Grandma decided to use a more brute force approach. Relaying orders to the mages outside the cube, Grandma would wait as they reconfigured their spell. After a few moments, the spell that simply contained magic would be exchanged for an antimagic field that was slammed down around the Glavilidom\u2019s location. While before magic and effects had simply been suppressed, all in the field would find their use of magic completely cut off, any mana reserves lost, and any continuing effects ended.Grandma nodded in satisfaction, she herself was outside of the field but could easily sense its effects from where she stood. The other soul inside Glavilidom would now find its desperate attempts to hang on ended by this field, now she must simply rip it out. Channeling into the runes in each corner of the room, the field Grandma wanted filled the interior of the cube, with the exception of the area Glavilidom was as the antimagic blocked it.If any were to enter the cube at this current moment, they would find their souls ripped from their bodies violently and drawn into the soul vial Grandma held out before her. However, Grandma only wanted to draw out one of the souls. Concentrating on the rogue soul within Glavilidom, Grandma was finally satisfied she had a lock on it. Giving a swift order, the antimagic around Glavilidom was released, the soul draining aura in the room rushing in to fill the sudden gap.Grandma aimed it all at the extraneous soul residing within Glavilidom, which would most likely feel a massive pull as the ritual drew it out of the body and into the soul vial Grandma held out before her. Assuming this happened, Grandma would seal the vial with a swift spell to prevent escape. Even if the soul miraculously didn\u2019t get drawn into the vial, there was nowhere for it to really go as the walls of The Cube were enchanted against non corporeal beings escaping.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Lips quirking slightly in the closest thing Grandma had shown Glavilidom resembling a smile, she nodded curtly."}, "post-47282": {"user": "Attla, the Conniving", "user_num": 1225, "timestamp": "1471898533000", "message": "The sheer power of the pull ripped Attla directly from inside Glavilidom. His ethereal body flew into the vial, and the spell to keep him contained kept him contained. He made no attempts to struggle, or resist this. He knew what the spell was and that in his ethereal state he was far weaker than usual. Therefore he could not utilise magic to outright resist it. Not outright. The fact Grandma used a spell within The Cube was some interesting information. It would appear that Attla could therefore use magic, inside the Cube.As stated, he did not resist the pull.But instead, in the split second Attla had, he summoned a flame rune upon the inside of the vial. His own prescence, as a powerful mage, should therefore mask the runes prescence. It would be very difficult to know that rune existed, even harder locating it. If detonated, it would fill the vial with flame and the sheer temperature of the fire would cause the air inside to rapidly expand, and cause the vial to rapidly melt as well. The air expanding would increase the pressure inside and would cause the vial to crack, if all went as planned. It was a matter of waiting, so that his magic may not be found.Playing an innocent, docile king of character would add leverage against Glavilidom, if only in the slightest. If he testified as a 'poor man who had his soul hijacked', he may have the chance to leave. He had control over Glavilidom's fate. If he said one word against Glavilidom, he would suffer greatly. He is going to make Glavilidom suffer. For getting him into this situation.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "The sheer power of the pull ripped Attla directly from inside Glavilidom. His ethereal body flew into the vial, and the spell to keep him contained kept him contained. He made no attempts to struggle, or resist this. He knew what the spell was and that in his ethereal state he was far weaker than usual. Therefore he could not utilise magic to outright resist it. Not outright. The fact Grandma used a spell within The Cube was some interesting information. It would appear that Attla could therefore use magic, inside the Cube."}, "post-47315": {"user": "Grandma", "user_num": 602, "timestamp": "1471909295000", "message": "Attla\u2019s plan with the fire rune worked as he thought it would. Grandma would simply feel a slight increase in magical power from him as he cast the spell, but wouldn\u2019t detect its creation of the rune inside the soul vial. No, she would simply chalk it up to something else. A brief inspection of Glavilidom\u2019s memories would reveal him to be speaking the truth, which was all Grandma needed to know for now. Holding the vial out before her, Grandma began walking towards the door, as if to leave. Then she stopped. It would be safer to do what she had in mind here, wouldn\u2019t it? Yes, Glavilidom was sleeping and there was plenty of distance between them.Addressing the mages monitoring The Cube, Grandma would order them to raise the antimagic field back over Glavilidom. After asking to ensure all the mechanisms to prevent escape were in place, Grandma then ordered them to stop monitoring the inside of the cube. All of this was done with the telepathic communication rings, it wouldn\u2019t have for her friend in the vial to get any ideas.Satisfied she wasn\u2019t being watched, Grandma dropped the first level of her disguise. Immediately, her form shifted, becoming less substantial, grayish smoke pouring off her. Any magically attuned being nearby could easily sense that something from elsewhere was present. A mental pressure of sorts would fill the cube and those inside would begin to hear whispers. If they listened closely, they would find all these whispers had a common theme. Consume them. Break them. Drain them. End them. Erase them...  The whispers continued, each one having its own unique voice. There were hundreds, no, thousands of them. Despite the sheer volume of voices, after just seconds of their incessant demands they fell quiet, an eerie stillness settling in The Cube. With a swift motion, Grandma would raise the soul vial to her lips, uncorking it with her other hand as she did so. There was now only one thing that could be felt coming from Grandma, insatiable hunger. Attla\u2019s soul would feel a pull as before, but this time there was something living behind the pull. Something that had every intention of consuming him.\u201cYou will join the others now.\u201d The statement was directed towards Attla in an unnaturally grating voice, unpleasant upon the ears and the tone leaving no room for discussion.Although Attla\u2019s plan had been a sound one, he hadn\u2019t taken something into account. Grandma\u2019s hunger.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Attla\u2019s plan with the fire rune worked as he thought it would. Grandma would simply feel a slight increase in magical power from him as he cast the spell, but wouldn\u2019t detect its creation of the rune inside the soul vial. No, she would simply chalk it up to something else. A brief inspection of Glavilidom\u2019s memories would reveal him to be speaking the truth, which was all Grandma needed to know for now. Holding the vial out before her, Grandma began walking towards the door, as if to leave. Then she stopped. It would be safer to do what she had in mind here, wouldn\u2019t it? Yes, Glavilidom was sleeping and there was plenty of distance between them."}, "post-47604": {"user": "Attla, the Conniving", "user_num": 1225, "timestamp": "1472077258000", "message": "And yet, Grandma had underestimated Attla. He released the rune and absorbed its power. He then concentrated more magical energy upon it. A ball of energy apparatus. He had at least half-a-second in order to act. He pressed it towards his abdomen, his soul form absorbing the magical energy and magnifying it. Transform.Transforming into a dragon requires a physical form. That's simply how the spell works. But Attla had found a loophole. Force enough energy into the spell, the laws of magic must allow it to occur. Therefore, according to this, his corporeal form was pulled directly on to his soul form, appearing in a flash of light. He cancelled the transformation as he entered his normal form. Transforming into a dragon would be a hindrance by this stage.These actions would counteract Grandma's soul-vacuum, assuming all went well.Attla trained the majority of his life as a summoner. He is most adept at demon summoning. Therefore, since he presumed Grandma to be a demon, dispelling should not be an issue. He brought his hand in a circular motion in the air. Strands of light followed his hand and formed a ring of light. Inside the ring, Attla produced a smaller hexagon within the circle. This was a spell of entrapment. If all went well, a ring should surround Grandma and cage her in.Attla grinned.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "And yet, Grandma had underestimated Attla. "}, "post-47614": {"user": "Grandma", "user_num": 602, "timestamp": "1472080469000", "message": "It appeared Attla was going to make this troublesome for Grandma. Although some predators might like toying with their meal, Grandma preferred to simply eat them and be done with it, therefore, she wasn\u2019t particularly pleased by this turn of events. Already communicating with the mages on the outside through her ring, Grandma ordered them to cover the entire area with antimagic, but now to view the inside, lowering the antimagic around her if she signaled them. She changed her form slightly before the field went up, going back to her usual human form, but a bit more\u2026 Bulky. It was a rather strange appearance.She would have to deal with Attla the old fashioned way. Although Attla\u2019s transformation was a success, causing him to escape Grandma\u2019s drain, his attempt at producing an entrapment spell would be cut short by the field. The field removed the mental pressure being put out by Grandma and caused the grayish smoke around her to thin. However, it wouldn\u2019t prevent the natural speed and strength she possessed, as that was a purely biological benefit.\u201cWhy couldn\u2019t you have come along quietly? Do you really wish to cling to life this much that you\u2019re willing to suffer just to live for a few more moments?\u201dAttla couldn\u2019t be standing particularly far from Grandma, as he had been directly beside her in the soul vial. Wherever his current position was, Grandma would charge at him, brandishing her cane and swinging it at his ribs, with enough strength behind the blow to shatter them. As Attla was in the body of a human, he we would have a rather difficult time evading Grandma\u2019s charge.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "It appeared Attla was going to make this troublesome for Grandma. Although some predators might like toying with their meal, Grandma preferred to simply eat them and be done with it, therefore, she wasn\u2019t particularly pleased by this turn of events. Already communicating with the mages on the outside through her ring, Grandma ordered them to cover the entire area with antimagic, but now to view the inside, lowering the antimagic around her if she signaled them. She changed her form slightly before the field went up, going back to her usual human form, but a bit more\u2026 Bulky. It was a rather strange appearance."}, "post-47739": {"user": "Attla, the Conniving", "user_num": 1225, "timestamp": "1472199525000", "message": "He groped for his side. Anti-magic. The apparation of his mortal form carried his clothing and besides that, his burgulars tools. He latched open the steel box, and removed a couple of his darts. The important thing he did was do all of this under his cloak. It would be impossible to see his removal of the darts.As Grandma charged, it gave Attla a chance to reteliate. He wouldn't throw the darts, but instead would wait until Grandma was upon him. He feigned fear. Maybe he was fearful. Just as the cane arm was poised to swing, Attla darted forward. His scrawny build gave him surprising agility. This was the essential part. As he darted, he lowered his stance to the ground. He then launched from this crouch-like position, giving him momentum and fired his arm out, with a dart in tow. If nothing was done to counteract his movements, he would have lodged the dart inside of Grandma's armpit. The damaging of this joint should effectively stop the use of her cane-arm.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "He groped for his side. Anti-magic. The apparation of his mortal form carried his clothing and besides that, his burgulars tools. He latched open the steel box, and removed a couple of his darts. The important thing he did was do all of this under his cloak. It would be impossible to see his removal of the darts."}, "post-47779": {"user": "Grandma", "user_num": 602, "timestamp": "1472239308000", "message": "Grandma foresaw Attla\u2019s lunge at her, stopping her swing short and rolling to the side to avoid his jab with the dart. Although she was about to take another swing at him, Grandma realized the ridiculousness of this situation. It might be good fun to chase this man around the cube, but she should really be a bit more professional about this. With a hand signal to the mages viewing the inside of the cube, that to Attla wouldn\u2019t be discernible in meaning, Grandma would take off at a dash towards the entrance. Her pace would be far too fast for Attla or any human to keep up with. Right as she reached the entrance, the door would open just a crack, allowing her to slide out. The instant she was out, the door would be slammed shut again and sealed.From the ceiling of The Cube, gas would begin pouring in. After a few minutes, the entire area of The Cube would be filled with it. The effect of the gas would put those inside asleep, for quite a long time. It was rather similar to the water given to the dragon except in smoke form. Grandma considered her options from the outside of The Cube. Now that she knew Attla was a mage powerful enough to perform magic from simply a soul form, a rare trait, she could take the proper precautions. On the other hand, she could also perhaps use as a gift of sorts for Alden, the High Marshall. She had heard he had a certain knack for this kind of thing\u2026 Considering her rather strange position in the Sun Marshalls, it would be good offer him such a gift and get some connections going with him.Deciding on the latter course of action, Grandma would relay some info to Alden that they had a prisoner who needed breaking...", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Grandma foresaw Attla\u2019s lunge at her, stopping her swing short and rolling to the side to avoid his jab with the dart. Although she was about to take another swing at him, Grandma realized the ridiculousness of this situation. It might be good fun to chase this man around the cube, but she should really be a bit more professional about this. "}, "post-48478": {"user": "Attla, the Conniving", "user_num": 1225, "timestamp": "1472798762000", "message": "He could have thrown the dart as Grandma. However, that would likely worsen the situation. He predicted he would have to appear in court. Assaulting a government agent, outside the bounds of self-defense would levy a serious charge against him, certainly. Who was to say they wouldn't immediately throw him into a dungeon, without trial? He couldn't be sure. Still, he had better not be foolish. It was imperative for him to sustain his life.As Grandna slipped through the crack in the doorway, Attla licked his lips. He tentatively studied the place where Grandma had exited through, expecting something to burst out, perhaps a guard. He did not anticipate the sleep gas; even if he had, he wouldn't have been able to do anything about it. He fell unconscious immediately.He collided with the ground with a resounding crash, his many utensils colliding with the floor. The dart in his hand would lodge itself in his arm, puncturing through his pale, flabby flesh His last thought was pain.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "He could have thrown the dart as Grandma. However, that would likely worsen the situation. He predicted he would have to appear in court. Assaulting a government agent, outside the bounds of self-defense would levy a serious charge against him, certainly. Who was to say they wouldn't immediately throw him into a dungeon, without trial? He couldn't be sure. Still, he had better not be foolish. It was imperative for him to sustain his life."}, "post-48631": {"user": "Alden Marshal", "user_num": 794, "timestamp": "1472946972000", "message": "The gas dissipated and almost as soon as it is gone the anti-magic field is enabled again. Then the doors creek open and a troop of guard hustle in, doors closing behind them. They have little fear since the gas would keep even a dragon sedated for a few hours. They come upon the sleeping man. The man is then stripped and cavity searched. Once they are assured he has nothing a simple robe is put on him, his effects taken away. Then a pair of anti magic cuffs are slapped on Attla. (So long as the cuffs are worn no magic can be used by the wearer.) If at any point Attla so much as stirred a muscle he'd be smacked in the side of the head with a leather wrapped club. Whoever ordered this extraction did not believe in taking chances. Once the prisoner is trussed up he'd be removed from the large room. From there he is transported to a smaller holding cell. His arms raised above his head and bound to the ceiling. His legs placed in another set of anti-magic restraints and bound to the floor. Then three men are stationed inside the room to watch the man until he awakens. They have a casual conversation, keeping one eye on the man. Their orders were to alert their commander when he awoke. And to beat him if he made too much noise. The content of their conversation is rather mundane except the beginning.\"Is all this really necessary? Seems like overkill.\"\"Dunno, apparently it's by the High Marshal's orders. I heard an officer complaining about it. The Marshal said something like: You aren't Marshals, I don't trust you. You will take the precautions I have ordered or I will remove you and have your replacement do it.\"\"Damn. Forget what I said, this is fine.\"\"What?\"\"Dude the High Marshal is a scary guy! He came down to a training session once. I saw him beat six men armed and armored, with his bare hands. Not recruits either, veterans I think there was even a dawn rider in there.\"\"Really I heard his nice. Friendly and smiley.\"\"That's crazy. The man leads some of the baddest bad asses in Isra. Dudes a stone cold killer.\"And so on.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "The gas dissipated and almost as soon as it is gone the anti-magic field is enabled again. Then the doors creek open and a troop of guard hustle in, doors closing behind them. They have little fear since the gas would keep even a dragon sedated for a few hours. They come upon the sleeping man. The man is then stripped and cavity searched. Once they are assured he has nothing a simple robe is put on him, his effects taken away. Then a pair of anti magic cuffs are slapped on Attla. (So long as the cuffs are worn no magic can be used by the wearer.) "}, "post-48817": {"user": "Attla, the Conniving", "user_num": 1225, "timestamp": "1473164146000", "message": "Eyes opened. His arm was in pain. He had a severe thumping pain in his temples. He was groggy. Forming thoughts felt like trudging through treacle. He heard talking. It was mostly unintelligible to him; not that he would have cared much for the situation at hand. He did note one fact. High Marshal. What was his name? Aldor? Aldemn? He couldn't recall.He knew one fact, though. He'd really screwed up.He was lucky he was alive, however. That hag was deceptively fast. He hadn't expected adversaries of such abilities. He apparently was of importance, if they were taking such precautions to capture him. He was lucky to be alive, all things considered. Perhaps death would come, now. A sense of dread loomed over him. His breathing sped up. He bit his lip.He didn't want to die. He hadn't quite accepted death yet. He knew he'd go to hell. The thought terrified him. He glanced upwards, indicating he was awake.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Eyes opened. His arm was in pain. He had a severe thumping pain in his temples. He was groggy. Forming thoughts felt like trudging through treacle. He heard talking. It was mostly unintelligible to him; not that he would have cared much for the situation at hand. He did note one fact. High Marshal. What was his name? Aldor? Aldemn? He couldn't recall."}, "post-48895": {"user": "Alden Marshal", "user_num": 794, "timestamp": "1473223710000", "message": "When the prisoner stirred one of the guards left. The other two keeping their eyes on Attla. A few minutes later Alden accompanied by a woman in a red robe. He stands in the center of room and eyes the man. His gaze can best be described as disinterested. He is just happy his order were followed correctly. Apparently Attla had pissed off one of his Marshals. If the man could be that infuriating then he deserved a modicum of respect. Which meant Alden had insured no chances were taken. Taking a breath Alden speaks his voice low, calm, and even. Not a hint of malice or anger can be detected.\"My name is Alden. I am High Marshal of Isra. I am empowered to ignore the law if it impedes the fulfillment of my duties. As are all marshals. Because of this I am taking your guilt for granted. Your trial, if there even is one, is already a foregone conclusion. We have multiple reliable witnesses to your crimes. Including the high lady of the city. There is quite frankly no question of your guilt.\"Alden pauses and lets his words sink in. Then he continues in the same level tone of voice.\"My associate here.\"He indicates the woman in the red robe.\"Is going to be cutting you with a knife. This is not a form of torture. Though I assure you it will feel like it. She will give you a rolled up piece of leather to hold in your mouth. I recommend biting onto it as hard as you can. If you don't you may find that you bite off your own tongue. She will be carving a rune into your flesh it will take some time. This rune is known as a rune of weakness. Recently developed by my recommendation. The pathways of the rune redirect the flow of magic in your body to power it. Once it is complete you will be unable to channel magic even with the cuffs removed. You will also find your physical abilities extremely limited. I will not be answering any question, so please hold your breath. You will need it for screaming.\"Alden nods to the woman. Just as he said she approaches and offers Attla a long rolled up tube of leather. Careful to keep her hands from his mouth. Then she ensures his restraints are keeping him tight against the wall. Once she is certain she begins. She would slip the scalpel expertly into his flesh. Just past the epidermal layer so it will scare, without damaging any organs. Moving her hands steadily and carefully. Pausing whenever Attla jerked or twitched from the pain, making sure her marks are steady. Attla would find the pain excruciating as the woman was not just cutting his flesh, but into his very spirit. Though the spiritual pain is thankfully muted due to the anti magic cuffs. Once those are removed though the rune would take hold and it would be most unpleasant.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "When the prisoner stirred one of the guards left. The other two keeping their eyes on Attla. A few minutes later Alden accompanied by a woman in a red robe. He stands in the center of room and eyes the man. His gaze can best be described as disinterested. He is just happy his order were followed correctly. Apparently Attla had pissed off one of his Marshals. If the man could be that infuriating then he deserved a modicum of respect. Which meant Alden had insured no chances were taken. Taking a breath Alden speaks his voice low, calm, and even. Not a hint of malice or anger can be detected."}, "post-49602": {"user": "Attla, the Conniving", "user_num": 1225, "timestamp": "1474112135000", "message": "His mind was set on only one thing: survival. How he would recover from the rune is all that he cared about.No rune is permenant. That is a fact, a fundamental law of magic. It would require an infinite amount of magical energy to make a rune impervious. Therefore, Attla was not scared. It was a temporary affair, this rune of weakness.Considering it altered the movement of energies in his body, all it would require to counteract the rune would be to re-calibrate the paths themselves. Magic itself is like law - the true masters of it aren't those with brute force, rather those with knowledge on the technical aspects of it. A powerful magician requires cunning and craftiness. Luckily for Attla, he had no end of both. As a final measure, spiritual healing would cure his weakness. He had immediate access to skilled mages, due to his position in the Inferno Assembly. He could have the rune purified, easily, through use of their magics.Still, he must play the part, else they may view him as more of a threat, which would most likely cause him to sustain heavier injuries. He feigned fear, preparing for the knife.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "His mind was set on only one thing: survival. How he would recover from the rune is all that he cared about."}, "post-49753": {"user": "Alden Marshal", "user_num": 794, "timestamp": "1474244229000", "message": "The rune is inscribed as ordered leaving Attla without any power. His assessment was correct to an extent. Anything wrote with magic could, in turn, be undone with magic. Though it would not be as easy as he believed. Runes carved directly into the body were designed to be difficult to remove. If he did not get a master rune scribe to do the work than he would likely die. As a single misplaced cut could shatter the stream of his spirit. At which point he'd be an empty husk. Still, he was not without hope if he managed to escape.Since Attla was, in essence, crippled to the point of being an invalid. His physical strength reduced to that of a child's. His magic being continuously drained to power the spell that weakened him. He was released from his anti-magic shackles. Two burly men coming in to let him down and replacing them with normal shackles. These on his legs and on his hands. Then he was directed to sit at the table. Once he has Alden would sit across from him. A sheet of paper and a quill are set on the table in front of Attla. \"In front of you is a confession. A relatively new concept given to me by Lady Naoki. In essence, it is a written statement of your guilt in the attack on the central plaza. Though there are some gaps in the narrative your involvement has been adequately verified. Even if we gave you a trial it would hardly be a fair one. You and your dragon friend are both going to pay for what happened. From what I have gathered nobody particularly cares who was the mastermind and who wasn't. We simply want to drive home a message. Do not fuck with Isra.\"There is a brief pause as Alden drums his fingers upon the table.\"My role in this is simple. I am to get you to sign the confession. If you do so now you will be escorted back to your cell. There you will wait until it is decided what to do with you. If you do not sign it I will torture you until you do. If that fails I will turn you over to Grandma again. She will remove your soul from your body and then animate the lifeless husk which will sign it for us. Before you question the legality of this I would remind you what I said earlier. I am a Sun Marshal. We are empowered to ignore the law in pursuit of our mission. Which means I don't care if this is legal. I only care about getting the result requested of me. I recommend you sign. But the choice is yours.\"Alden eyes the man carefully. He doesn't make mistakes he doesn't get careless. Even someone who was effectively powerless may attempt something stupid. But stupid could work if you got caught off guard. Thus Alden didn't relax his.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "The rune is inscribed as ordered leaving Attla without any power. His assessment was correct to an extent. Anything wrote with magic could, in turn, be undone with magic. Though it would not be as easy as he believed. Runes carved directly into the body were designed to be difficult to remove. If he did not get a master rune scribe to do the work than he would likely die. As a single misplaced cut could shatter the stream of his spirit. At which point he'd be an empty husk. Still, he was not without hope if he managed to escape."}, "post-53617": {"user": "Attla, the Conniving", "user_num": 1225, "timestamp": "1476490485000", "message": "Attla was illiterate, in the native tongue that most spoke. He had only became literate in dragonic runes and that was only recently. And by literate, I mean he can write a hundred to two-hundred dragonic symbols, with reasonable accuracy. This was of course a huge bar on his ability to write a confession. Dragonic runes are difficult to write in and Attla did not have a rune-dictionary at hand to check. He scribbled on the paper for a second or two, forming one or two runes before immediately stopping. It would take far too long to write the entire confession out using runes. Therefore, he took a slight shortcut while writing it.A slight shortcut meant that he didn't write the confession at all. He turned the paper around, and drew the dragonic rune of confession, across the entire page. It was crude and difficult to read. It could easily be mistaken for the rune of wine. After all, the runes are similar. To finish this, he formed a single dot next to the rune. It would then read out as: \"I did it.\" or, if misunderstood \"I am wine.\". He admired his handiwork for a second. He wasn't happy with it, sure. But he couldn't care less. He held the page up, indicating that it was finished.As for the crippling rune, Attla had one other trick up his sleeve. An ancient practice, that sacrificies the mortal body for a more powerful, spiritual form, the art of Lichdom. It was true the rune would be still attached to his spirit, if he ascended into the form of a Lich. However, he would have full control over the movement of magic within his body as a Lich. Therefore, he could break the seal and suffer no consequences, for if he broke the seal, the magic that would escape could be easily reformed into his spirit. This crippling rune would be a mere hurdle in Attla's quest for power.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Attla was illiterate, in the native tongue that most spoke. He had only became literate in dragonic runes and that was only recently. And by literate, I mean he can write a hundred to two-hundred dragonic symbols, with reasonable accuracy. This was of course a huge bar on his ability to write a confession. Dragonic runes are difficult to write in and Attla did not have a rune-dictionary at hand to check. He scribbled on the paper for a second or two, forming one or two runes before immediately stopping. It would take far too long to write the entire confession out using runes. Therefore, he took a slight shortcut while writing it."}, "post-53899": {"user": "Alden Marshal", "user_num": 794, "timestamp": "1476849844000", "message": "Alden looks at the almost childish scrawling of the man. Apparently learning to read or write hadn't been a priority on his mad grab for power. He looks at the red robed mage next to him who nods. Evidently, it was good enough. Without a word the paper is handed off to a guard for delivery and The High Marshal exits Attla leaving the man in the interrogation room. A few minutes later a few armed guards come and escort Attla back to his cell, where he will remain until such time as his fate is decided. His cell is utter barebones, with a bucket for his business and a blanket to lay on, nothing else.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Alden looks at the almost childish scrawling of the man. Apparently learning to read or write hadn't been a priority on his mad grab for power. He looks at the red robed mage next to him who nods. Evidently, it was good enough. Without a word the paper is handed off to a guard for delivery and The High Marshal exits Attla leaving the man in the interrogation room. A few minutes later a few armed guards come and escort Attla back to his cell, where he will remain until such time as his fate is decided. His cell is utter barebones, with a bucket for his business and a blanket to lay on, nothing else."}, "post-54272": {"user": "Attla, the Conniving", "user_num": 1225, "timestamp": "1477140221000", "message": "He lay there in rest, in preparation for what is to come.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "He lay there in rest, in preparation for what is to come."}, "post-58832": {"user": "The Isran Empire", "user_num": 1310, "timestamp": "1482953632000", "message": "Attla is roused by a man wearing the armor of an Isran soldier. A rather meaty man, at that, whose armor doesn\u2019t quite fit correctly on account of his massive pecs. \u201cOi. Get up.\u201dIn the case that Attla doesn\u2019t hear him, the man knocks on a nearby wall with his gauntlet. Behind him, Attla would be able to see a small handful of similarly dressed men. \u201cThis is how things are going to happen. You\u2019re going to stand away from the door. I\u2019m going to open it, come in, put these \u2018cuffs on you, and then we\u2019re all going to leave. We\u2019re going to get on a cart, and take you away. We\u2019ll turn you lose, and you\u2019ll leave Isra, and not return. Is this all clear?\u201d", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Attla is roused by a man wearing the armor of an Isran soldier. A rather meaty man, at that, whose armor doesn\u2019t quite fit correctly on account of his massive pecs. "}, "post-58852": {"user": "Attla, the Conniving", "user_num": 1225, "timestamp": "1483014357000", "message": "\"I see you have came. My knight in shining armour!\"He snickered, giving a mocking glance towards the Isran soldier. He was to be freed, it seemed. Perfect. It was time to engage in stage two of his plan. He was afraid he'd spend the rest of his time in a dungeon, without no way shape or form for him to escape. He only had minor trivialities to deal with - the rune, which he would deal with via the Inferno Assembly - they had the resources in order to develop a countermeasure. If not, then he still had one more option. Necromutation. Or, rather, the transformation into Lichform.He nodded, giving a sly grin towards the man, as he addressed him. He moved back towards the wall. The removal of his strength had not impacted him too greatly. He had lived his childhood sickly and weak. He could get along. He payed no heed to it; he would think about his methods to counteract this. He extended his wrists towards him, offering up his hands for the handcuffs. He would not resist, or move, allowing the soldier to bind them onto him easily. The steel was cold against his flesh. But, it differed from the shackles in his cell. With that, he felt a sense of freedom. He was at the mercy of the guards, and wherever they would move, he would move. He followed them out of the prison.[Exit?]", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "\"I see you have came. My knight in shining armour!\""}, "post-58863": {"user": "The Isran Empire", "user_num": 1310, "timestamp": "1483058756000", "message": "Unsure whether he appreciates Attla\u2019s lip or not, the man offers no comment, instead of proceeding to unlock the door, hand the key off to one of his fellows, and enter the room, shackles in hand. After turning Attla around, the man handcuffs Attla behind his back. One would find that the shackles, as might be expected, are of the variety that prevents the wearer from utilizing magic. As so long as they remain on, Attla will find himself unable to practice any variety of magic or supernatural ability. Once the shackles are in place and locked to his satisfaction, the soldier gestures toward the door, suggesting that Attla exit. Though he remains close behind, the man neither pushes or shoves; seeing as how Attla is cooperative, there is no need. The rest of the entourage proceeds along as well, to ahead, behind, and to either side. Perhaps ten or eleven of them in total, each more or less functionally the same. The whole procession proceeds up, to a cart that seems to have been prepared. The cart itself is fairly ordinary, made of wood, with spoked wheels and such. It is attached to a horse, and a man sits atop it, reins in hand. In the cart, there is a cage. As opposed to the cart itself, the cage is metal, and seemingly a fine, if bland and utilitarian piece of metalwork. It is cubical in shape, and very nearly five feet to a side. The bottom and three of the sides are all solid metal. The top and one of the sides are primarily small bars, spaced about an inch or so apart. It would seem as if the top hinges off, and is secured with three latch mechanisms on the exterior of one of the solid sides. Currently, the cage is open, and secured in the back of the cart by a few ropes tied around rings seemingly intend for such a purpose. Around the cart, though not between Attla and it, are several horsemen. The horsemen are rather obviously also soldiers of Isra, though they seem quite prepared to embark on a journey on horseback. Each of them rides atop their respective horse, all of which are saddled, loaded with saddle bags, and armored to a degree. Some of the men carry long swords, others maces. Most of them have unstrung bows strapped to their mount, and one fellow is rocking a hefty lance, for whatever reason.  \u201cUp you get.\u201dAttla is helped up into the back of the cart, and into the cage, which is subsequently closed and locked. Now that is within, Attla would be able to see that something of a cloth has been laid out across the floor, to be a rug, or a blanket, perhaps. The first of the guards, the one who addressed Attla and put the shackles on, takes a position next to the driver of the carriage. The lot of them share some discussion for a few minutes before deciding that all is in order and they can depart, so they proceed to do so, moving as a group through the gates of The Citadel, through Isra to the Southern Gate, through the southern gate, and off down the road. [Exit.]", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Unsure whether he appreciates Attla\u2019s lip or not, the man offers no comment, instead of proceeding to unlock the door, hand the key off to one of his fellows, and enter the room, shackles in hand. After turning Attla around, the man handcuffs Attla behind his back. "}, "post-60802": {"user": "Attla, the Conniving", "user_num": 1225, "timestamp": "1488449638000", "message": "He would comply, weak arms gripped by stronger, trained muscles, pulled like a naughty child stepping out of line. Resignedness mediated his features, blank-face \u2013 a stony, inhuman fa\u00e7ade, washing away all emotion. Protest formed at his lips, as he was painfully hoisted along, lips then forcefully closed as he thought better. A bead of sweat snaked down his dirty face, down the bridge of his noise, towards his lips. Dirt parted, to enable this bodily stream passage. Reaching the top of his quivering lip, it darted down into his mouth, where his tongue tasted the salty taste of its own essence.Dragged down flashy corridors, he finally breached into the day outside \u2013 freezing, foreboding gales brushed down his face and neck, otherworldly spirits and banshees screaming at him. He failed. The darkened sky, alight with piercing stars taunted him, with whispering of freedom, hope and ambition. His head lolled, staring upwards. A darkened, smoky cloud passed over, denying him the tired, quilt of night. Attla brought down, in a worried gesture, his teeth upon his lip, incising the flesh inadvertadely. A dribble of blood sprouted, staining his face and clothes, no hands ready to clear the mess.He struggled in his cuffs, shook, as the ever-present hands of Isra\u2019s men held him static, at mercy. He fell limp. Eyes shut themselves and he soon found himself too weak to open them again, congealed sweat and dirt acting as a sealant. Lax muscles loosened more, as a weak breath flitted in his lungs, at once he was at peace; catharsis. The puppeteer of sleep graced his lulling head, driving his mind into great images of ox, deer and horses all meandering in a plateau-field, melancholy, contrasted by a wolf slipping on stones and rubble, desperate to reach the animals. A great bull, thrice the size of the rest came, stomping upon the scrabbling paws, as the canine released and fell, as it fell, regressing in age. From an adult wolf, came out a younger and younger wolf, until finally, a mere pup. The pup contorted and shifted, into a human male, spindly and broken. The man curled into a fetal position. The ethereal dream observer of Attla, felt nothing. He stared on.Cold, wrought iron pressed against his naked leg. Eyes blurring opened, an oscillation of beats and turbulence of a vehicle, shaking him. The harrumph of a horse, as it clopped and clopped against cobbles. Strands of metal encapsulated him, trapping him. I am only a mere child. Hands clasped twin bars, feeling their stoic, durable form. I do not know. Fists collided with the spiders web of black. Blood sprouted from his knuckles, but blows flew and tears fell, with ferocity. I do not understand. Teeth gritted, so concrete, it was if he had lockjaw.He curled up.Attla remembered the ship, so long ago. His first memory. Birthed to a labourer, who laboured for no pay, with a permanent collar of steel. The sensation of a club, with on-beat rhythm, as he spewed up blood. No food. Mother dead; no food. Father dead; no food. All those he knew, cared about; no food. He remembered the passing of his final friend. Cut himself on a nail. He coiled up, cracked and died.Starvation took its cruel hand. Memory of flesh. Human blood dripping from his lips, as he weeded and weeded over what was left. The last died, upon the collision with the ground. Engine cut out suddenly. But he did not die. Set me free. I did not deserve this.Weakly, his forehead collided against the cage. Why?Why.[exit]", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "He would comply, weak arms gripped by stronger, trained muscles, pulled like a naughty child stepping out of line. Resignedness mediated his features, blank-face \u2013 a stony, inhuman fa\u00e7ade, washing away all emotion. Protest formed at his lips, as he was painfully hoisted along, lips then forcefully closed as he thought better. A bead of sweat snaked down his dirty face, down the bridge of his noise, towards his lips. Dirt parted, to enable this bodily stream passage. Reaching the top of his quivering lip, it darted down into his mouth, where his tongue tasted the salty taste of its own essence."}}