{"post-41873": {"user": "Einar Rodmarsson", "user_num": 1660, "timestamp": "1466426242000", "message": "The Snowy wilds is a vast expanse of land mainly containing snowy highlands, mountains and hills. There are no towns in the snowy wilds, rather a collection of small viking settlements spread out over the expanse. Various clans operate in the Snowy Wilds, vying for territory and dominance over the other viking clans. One clan in particular is now a days considered the most feared and dominant. The Shadow Wolf clan, their flag is black with a red wolfs head in the centre, equally they sport the same on their armor and on the side of some of their huts. They are said to slowly torture and kill an unfamiliar face on sight without remorse or mercy. Some other viking clans may have different reactions to wanderers however. The Ice Beard clan for example are said to be the friendliest to unfortunate lost souls within the Snowy Wilds. Their flag is ice blue with an orange bearded viking head in the centre. Most other clans are unpredictable, some may just send wanderers on their way while others may attack or kill on sight.Its also important to note that not all clans are able to speak common tongue. Although the Ice Beards are among the ones who can.Within the snowy wilds there are a few breeds of interesting wild life to be seen. One to note is a creature resembling a wooly mammoth, although they are not as big in size and have four tusks instead of two. The clans of the wilds refer to them as Mochrants (fury giants). These creatures are often a source of food and clothing for the viking clans and often hunting parties can be seen roaming the wilds. Among other creatures within the wilds, there is a very rare species of nocturnal Hare which has glistening silver fur, a species of bird only native to the wilds which unusually has two heads and a species of Ram with 3 horns, one each on either side of its head and a smaller one towards the end of its nose. Other species native to the wilds include snow leopards, lynx's and other such creatures.\u00a0Viking legends also state that wolf men have been sighted in the wilds on very rare occasions . Vikings who speak common tongue refer to these extremely rare creatures as Rabid-men.\u00a0The very northern most point of the Snowy Wilds opens out onto an ice cold ocean, from the shore one is most likely to see glaciers of all shapes and sizes. Troublesome for any large ships to maneuver through but just right for any viking long boats or boats of a similar size. The shore and its surrounding area is a region with the most condensed settlements of vikings anywhere in the wilds. An adventurer is either very brave or very stupid if he/she ventures into this region of the wilds.Throughout the wilds the temperature is several degrees below freezing with the temperature dropping even more the more north one ventures. The weather and environment is hostile and also contains several ice lakes. Blizzards are a common occurrence and it snows mostly every day. A very harsh landscape to be.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "The Snowy wilds is a vast expanse of land mainly containing snowy highlands, mountains and hills. There are no towns in the snowy wilds, rather a collection of small viking settlements spread out over the expanse. Various clans operate in the Snowy Wilds, vying for territory and dominance over the other viking clans. One clan in particular is now a days considered the most feared and dominant. The Shadow Wolf clan, their flag is black with a red wolfs head in the centre, equally they sport the same on their armor and on the side of some of their huts. They are said to slowly torture and kill an unfamiliar face on sight without remorse or mercy. Some other viking clans may have different reactions to wanderers however. The Ice Beard clan for example are said to be the friendliest to unfortunate lost souls within the Snowy Wilds. Their flag is ice blue with an orange bearded viking head in the centre. Most other clans are unpredictable, some may just send wanderers on their way while others may attack or kill on sight."}, "post-41884": {"user": "Einar Rodmarsson", "user_num": 1660, "timestamp": "1466444825000", "message": "The winds of the wilds are gusting harshly, a tree strains with it, leafless and skeletal like in appearance. Nearby a family of Mochrants stroll steadily through the hostile winter environment. For them the snow doesn't seem to effect them as much, their thick layer of fur absorbing the harsh winds. The Mochrant are gentle creatures when not provoked, however, they are quite able to hold their own against hunting parties.\u00a0One of the Mochrant huffs and turns its head, evidently noticing a figure walking through the intense blizzard. It alerts the others in the group and slowly they begin to head away from the figure.\u00a0The figure stands about 6 feet tall and is very broad. For a brief moment a viking horned helmet is seen as the figure is silhouetted against the snowy back drop. Suddenly the figure's features can be seen, his face pale and blank, fleshless. The holes of the skull emitting a faint blue glow. The figure stops and adjusts his armor a little. It was of course Einar. His cape was flickering with the wind and the snow was seemingly pelting into his entire left side. Although he did not seem to be phased by it. He glances down at his right hand, glancing momentarily at the glove he bows his head in what could very well be perceived as an emotionally negative response. Perhaps a memory. He steadies himself, his armor firm, the fur draped over it in such a fashion that from a distance it didn't look like he had armor on at all. He straightens his horned helmet and proceeds walking. A lonely soul in a bleak environment. Einar hadn't had a friend in a very long time, cursed and left to rot, he was a rumor, a focal point, a story of terror the rest of the viking clans told around their camp fires to scare the younglings, a perceived monster who roamed the wilds and allegedly was so fearsome he could kill Rabid-men with his bare hands. But of course that wasn't the truth.\u00a0Einar was a victim of a tragedy to which happened a long time ago. He had lost count of how old he was or the clans to which had risen and fallen around the wilds. He wandered with no purpose, his aim was to find one.\u00a0He walks into a cave, it was shallow and didn't go back very far but it looked like, at least for the time being, this is what he called home. It overlooked a flat area of land where Mochrant often ventured to raise their young before heading to even higher ground. Einar brushes the snow from his threads and sits defeatedly against a rock, now sheltered inside the small cave. He takes his gloves off, one hand was skeletal, the other, his right hand, still had rotting flesh upon it. He picks up a small unfinished carved wooden figurine from close by. It looked like a warrior much like himself, although the figure was female. He hesitates slightly, his hand reaching for the dagger he never used and runs his skeletal hand over the sheath. Suddenly he clenches his fist and turns away from the figurine. Again it could be perceived that he had an emotionally negative response to the figurine. For a moment, he glances into the distance outside the cave, he wondered if there were lands beyond the wilds or if they were just rumors too. He also wondered if there were lands beyond the wilds, how would they react to him? He glances back at the figurine and reluctantly, he continues to carve it with the forefinger of his skeletal hand, crafting it meticulously. \u00a0Somehow, somewhere, it would be evident that Einar had some sort of connection to the woman he was carving. He felt both love and hate for the wooden carved figure.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "The winds of the wilds are gusting harshly, a tree strains with it, leafless and skeletal like in appearance. Nearby a family of Mochrants stroll steadily through the hostile winter environment. For them the snow doesn't seem to effect them as much, their thick layer of fur absorbing the harsh winds. The Mochrant are gentle creatures when not provoked, however, they are quite able to hold their own against hunting parties.\u00a0"}, "post-42011": {"user": "Aia Heijra", "user_num": 511, "timestamp": "1466548582000", "message": "Not many Varan traveled to the Snowy Wilds, for it was to much like their own lands - and most Varan preferred to travel places unlike their homeland.  Aia Heijra, however, had spent enough time in Isra as a settler and citizen, and she wanted adventure.  She longed for the frigid mountaintops and snowy wastes of Asgeir, but decided to travel to the Snowy Wilds instead.She wore an orange Ki'gar with a black boar on it, the symbol of House Heijra.  She carried a steel longsword on her hip.  Her long blonde hair had been pulled up hastily behind her head, and black warpaint surrounded her pretty blue eyes.  She wore thick fur garments to keep her warm in the snow, and underneath was leather armor.Slowly she stalked her way through the snowy lands.  She eventually spotted a Mochrant, but avoided them as best she could - no need to disturb the beasts.  She needed to find a place to rest for the night; warm up by a fire and eat and drink.  Spotting a nearby cave, Aia grins and approaches the opening.  She could hear something... a scratching noise?  Perhaps some small critter within.  Just to be safe, she placed her hand around the hilt of her sword and cautiously entered...\"Hello?  Anyone here?\"", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Not many Varan traveled to the Snowy Wilds, for it was to much like their own lands - and most Varan preferred to travel places unlike their homeland.  Aia Heijra, however, had spent enough time in Isra as a settler and citizen, and she wanted adventure.  She longed for the frigid mountaintops and snowy wastes of Asgeir, but decided to travel to the Snowy Wilds instead."}, "post-42083": {"user": "Einar Rodmarsson", "user_num": 1660, "timestamp": "1466595123000", "message": "Einar heard the voice, unmistakably female, luckily he knew the language she spoke. He seized carving his wooden figurine with the forefinger of his skeletal hand. He thought it impossible that anyone would find him here, the nearest viking settlement was quite a distance away, he had made sure he was quite unlikely to be disturbed. Most of the vikings looked up on him as some sort of abomination, so hiding away was generally more of a conscious decision to protect himself more than anything else.He turns to look in the direction of the voice and glimpses a female. She strode like a warrior her stance strong and worthy. He had seen that walk before, viking warrior women often made the most nimble and agile of warriors while at the same time also being just as fierce as any other viking. Nevertheless they were not as easy to better on the field of battle than the male vikings. Einar quickly pulls himself to his feet and readies himself, adjusting his armor. He\u00a0grabs ahold of his axe with his right hand as a precautionary measure, the unfinished wooden figurine still grasped in his left skeletal hand. His axe had the proud symbol of his clan carved into the blade, a clan which had been long lost to the wilds. Almost ancient. The symbol looked like a Mochrants head with particular detail given to the four tusks. The axe itself looked like it had seen its fair share of battle but also held sentimental value as well.\u00a0Einar naturally was on the defensive, he never knew what to expect when someone found him.Confidently he suddenly speaks in his eery echoed voice. \"I am Einar, son of Rodmar, the last of Clan Raging Tusk and the only surviving member of my family line!\"\u00a0", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Einar heard the voice, unmistakably female, luckily he knew the language she spoke. He seized carving his wooden figurine with the forefinger of his skeletal hand. He thought it impossible that anyone would find him here, the nearest viking settlement was quite a distance away, he had made sure he was quite unlikely to be disturbed. Most of the vikings looked up on him as some sort of abomination, so hiding away was generally more of a conscious decision to protect himself more than anything else."}, "post-42140": {"user": "Aia Heijra", "user_num": 511, "timestamp": "1466633331000", "message": "Aia eased her grip on the hilt of her blade, but nevertheless remained cautious.  She looked at the figure's axe, then at whatever was in his left hand.  \"Good day, Einar, son of Rodmar.  I am Aia Valgard, of House Heijra, wife of Ralf Valgard.  My clan is that of the White Wolf and the Black Boar.  My son is Torr Valgard.  I hail from the lands of Asgeir, far to the north.\"After introducing herself like any Varan would, Aia slowly approached Einar closer and observed his appearance.  \"You're... undead?\"  And of course, like any superstitious Varan would, Aia assumed the man was cursed.  \"What vile sorcerer did this to you?  You ought to hunt the bastard down and put his head on a spike!\"", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Aia eased her grip on the hilt of her blade, but nevertheless remained cautious.  She looked at the figure's axe, then at whatever was in his left hand.  \"Good day, Einar, son of Rodmar.  I am Aia Valgard, of House Heijra, wife of Ralf Valgard.  My clan is that of the White Wolf and the Black Boar.  My son is Torr Valgard.  I hail from the lands of Asgeir, far to the north.\""}, "post-42180": {"user": "Einar Rodmarsson", "user_num": 1660, "timestamp": "1466661308000", "message": "Einar released his grip on his axe and followed the female with his glowing blue eyes. If indeed you could call them that within the eye holes of his skull. He was curious, he had never heard of the lands of Asgeir, although he was wise enough to know that there were probably other lands beyond the borders of the snowy wilds. He eases up and gestures for Aia to get comfortable. He pauses almost studying her words before he lifts his skeletal hand and displays the small wooden figurine. \"She's already long dead\" he would reply in his eery echoed voice.His voice had a slight accent that couldn't be placed, comparably it would be slightly Scandinavian. He then glances outside the cave.\"Among the dust of the wilds.\" He continues as he pauses glancing back at Aia. Somehow he was glad to be talking with someone, it had been a very long time since he last had a conversation. He props his axe back into its original position and takes a seat once again. He then displays the sheathed dagger to Aia for a brief moment. The lettering not of common language. \"She betrayed me, betrayed Clan Raging Tusk. Eternal life the outcome. The origin of the sorcery itself is unknown to me, although...\" He pauses as if stopping himself there not wanting to reveal too much about what he had learned regarding the dagger. He taps the end of the sheathed dagger and covers it over with part of his fur cloak. He needed to talk more with this Aia of House Heijra. His forwardness, due to not having company in a very long time, may betray him if he wasn't careful. \"A life bond, destroyed in the blink of an eye, all the time in the world to think about it\". He finishes, still displaying the figurine to Aia before grasping it in his fist he points to Aia with his skeletal forefinger. \"What of you, Aia of House Heijra, tell me of you and your clans, and the lands of Asgeir, beyond the borders of the northern wilds from which you hail.\" He asks with genuine interest and intrigue. ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Einar released his grip on his axe and followed the female with his glowing blue eyes. If indeed you could call them that within the eye holes of his skull. He was curious, he had never heard of the lands of Asgeir, although he was wise enough to know that there were probably other lands beyond the borders of the snowy wilds. He eases up and gestures for Aia to get comfortable. He pauses almost studying her words before he lifts his skeletal hand and displays the small wooden figurine. "}, "post-42222": {"user": "Aia Heijra", "user_num": 511, "timestamp": "1466720103000", "message": "Aia slowly entered further into the cave, but kept her eyes on the undead inhabitant.  \"I am sorry for your loss, Einar, Son of Rodmar,\" she said apologetically.  She eventually lowered herself to sit down and fumbled around with something in her pockets before pulling out some flint.  \"Have you anything to start a fire with, Einar?\"  Aia started to rummage around the place, looking for any wood or dried grass to start up a fire with.  \"I've spent to long in the southlands, and I have grown accustomed to the warmer weather there.\"She then changed the subject to answer Einar's question.  \"As for Asgeir, 'tis my homeland.  Once, great barbarians roamed the land, killin' and rapin', pillagin' and plunderin'.  But then those barbarians grew a bit more... civilized.  Settled down into little villages.  Stopped fightin' alone and started fightin' in armies.  Soon enough a few clans reigned supreme.  I am from clan Heijra, but we were never a great clan.  It was the Borgs, and the Jarns, and the Valgards, and the others who were favored by the gods.  My husband is Ralf Valgard, Jarl of Valland.  Valland is a hold in Asgeir, and they owe their allegiance to High King Ulfr, the Son of Borg.\"Asgeir is a cold land, a harsh land.  Not much different than these Snowy Wilds.  Great mountains to climb, valleys to trek, and caverns to explore.  It's hard living, but hard living makes hard men.  The people, the Varan we call ourselves, are great warriors.  With shields and axes, swords and spears, we raid, trade, and settle up and down the coasts of the Overworld lookin' for opportunities and booty.\"Aia managed to scrounge up a bit of wood and started to set a fire to warm up.  \"I'd imagine we are kin, Einar,\" she said with interest.  \"Our people may not be to different from one another.  Perhaps, at some point in history, our people were one and the same until they were divided.  What more can you tell me, Einar?\"", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Aia slowly entered further into the cave, but kept her eyes on the undead inhabitant.  \"I am sorry for your loss, Einar, Son of Rodmar,\" she said apologetically.  She eventually lowered herself to sit down and fumbled around with something in her pockets before pulling out some flint.  \"Have you anything to start a fire with, Einar?\"  Aia started to rummage around the place, looking for any wood or dried grass to start up a fire with.  \"I've spent to long in the southlands, and I have grown accustomed to the warmer weather there.\""}, "post-42293": {"user": "Einar Rodmarsson", "user_num": 1660, "timestamp": "1466792275000", "message": "Einar listens intently to Aia's words, every now and again passively carving his figurine once again with his skeletal forefinger. His body language would appear more comfortable as he heard about how similar this Asgeir was to that of the Snowy wilds. He momentarily scratched at his bony chin, thinking about the notion that some how the vikings of the snowy wilds were some how once one with the people of Asgeir. He nods in agreement. After all, it took a certain kind of warrior to brave the wilds. It stands to reason that if Asgeir is similar, the people of both lands could be connected in some way. Einar tilts his head in the direction of Aia. He glances down on the floor trying to help her rummage for fire wood. He did not feel the cold as much as that of the living. If he could he would have probably cracked a smile at this moment. It was nice to be sharing stories with another warrior. One of another land no less. \"In the past, clans have risen and fallen here in the wilds. There have been no real villages or towns, just settlements spread out among the vicious landscape.\" He replies to Aia. He points northwards as if with significance to what he will say next.\"On the northern shores though, thats where the most condensed cluster of settlements lay. Beware Clan Shadow Wolf, they have made a name for themselves recently. They're much like what the clans of your lands once were, raping, plundering and torturing. Its peculiar and untraditional that Shadow Wolf have no clan leader.\" He pauses for a moment passing some fire wood over to Aia. His thoughts focus on trying to provide information about the wilds.\"The wilds are good if you like snow and hostility although this Asgeir sounds as if it breeds the same kind of warrior. There's a few legends about this place. I'm one of them of course. One other includes the Rabid-men. Half wolf, half man. Foul monsters who can comfortably tear the limbs off a Mochrant. Although sightings are quite rare\". He points outside the cave to one of the Mochrant.\"You'll see a lot of those about. Personally I have come to trust in the behavior and mannerisms of the Mochrant for guidance, what kind of Raging Tusk would I be if I didn't.\" His glowing blue eyes faced in the direction of a group of Mochrant as if observing them while still passively carving his figurine.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Einar listens intently to Aia's words, every now and again passively carving his figurine once again with his skeletal forefinger. His body language would appear more comfortable as he heard about how similar this Asgeir was to that of the Snowy wilds. He momentarily scratched at his bony chin, thinking about the notion that some how the vikings of the snowy wilds were some how once one with the people of Asgeir. He nods in agreement. After all, it took a certain kind of warrior to brave the wilds. It stands to reason that if Asgeir is similar, the people of both lands could be connected in some way. "}, "post-42376": {"user": "Aia Heijra", "user_num": 511, "timestamp": "1466867531000", "message": "Aia got the fire started and fed it fuel.  She exhaled into his hands, rubbed them together, and revealed the palms to the fire's heat.  It felt great to be warmed.  Home, the thought drifted in her head.She listened to Einar intently, greatly interested in the people of this land.  All the talk of clans and strange rabid-men was enthralling.  \"Half wolf, half men?\" she asked, it piqued her interest.  \"My husband, Ralf Valgard, the Jarl of Valland, can shapeshift into a werewolf.\"  She let Einar finish.\"So tell me, Einar, why are you here in this cave?  Do you hide from the clansmen because of your accursed state?  Did they shun you?\"  She gripped her sword, \"do you want to destroy them?\" she asked eagerly.  \"Take your revenge, Einar, Son of Rodmar!  And then return with me to Asgeir.  You will be accepted as one of our own!\"", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Aia got the fire started and fed it fuel.  She exhaled into his hands, rubbed them together, and revealed the palms to the fire's heat.  It felt great to be warmed.  "}, "post-42421": {"user": "Einar Rodmarsson", "user_num": 1660, "timestamp": "1466898462000", "message": "Einar listens to Aia, intrigued by her revelation about her life mate. The argument that there was some kind of link between the wilds and the lands of Asgeir were starting to get stronger.\"Perhaps the Rabid-men are from Asgeir as well, it is most interesting\" He would state before letting her finish.After she does he glances up at Aia. Her suggestion was one which confirmed beyond any doubt that she was of warriors blood. However, it would take a long time to extinguish the clans from the wilds. After all these clansman had done him no harm, other than use him as a monstrous tale passed down the ages.\u00a0\"The clansman of today have done me no harm, let them share their tales across their camp fires. After all they base them off rumors, I know the truth, I know myself better than any of them\" He pauses and glances at the lands outside the cave.\"I hide my dear, because I have no clan, there is no place for monstrosities of any kind among the ranks of vikings, that has been tradition since the clans of my time. Besides I will always be a Raging Tusk\"\u00a0He pauses again in deliberation and once again displays the dagger sheathed on his belt. He felt he was starting to trust Aia and he could divulge at least some of the information he had found out about it over the years.\"My revenge will be fulfilled when I find whoever dared to introduce this foreign dagger full of sorcery into the Raging Tusk clan all those years ago. Feels like at least a century. Nevertheless, although the dagger has viking writings upon it, the metal work to which it is crafted is not of the wilds, it is not viking steel.\" He stops himself, thinking about his next words. He leans closer to the fire catching some warmth. Although he couldn't feel it very much.\"I keep it close to me, because I have also learned that the dagger can be used to enslave me should it fall into the hands of an opportunist.\" He frowns but his expression cannot be seen on his pale skull face.\"I am a warrior, not a slave.\" His tone slightly angered as he clenches his skeletal fist around the figurine. After a moment or two he settles down a little and gives thought to Aia's offer.\u00a0He would not find the one responsible for his curse among the clans of the wilds. Its also possible that the original crafter was dead by now, he had to know though. However, it is clear that the dagger was introduced from outside of the wilds and Einar wanted to at least find out where it had come from. More than anything though he wanted to make someone pay. He had lost everything and everyone he held dear, and had been left to live limitless with the consequences. He glances at the figurine and holds it up, this time standing it in the palm of his skeletal hand with meaning. The face and head of the female figurine was finished. Her face was strong and noble with tribal markings on the cheeks, it looked vicious and feral. Her hair was styled into a mohawk but eventually formed into a short pony tale at the back of her head.\"Her name was Dotha, a worthy warrior, my life mate and the barer of our three children, all murdered along with the rest of clan Raging Tusk in the battle of High Mountain lake. I want to find the ones responsible for persuading her to sink this dagger into my chest all those years ago, and I want blood!\" Einar speaks with determination as he grips ahold of his axe.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Einar listens to Aia, intrigued by her revelation about her life mate. The argument that there was some kind of link between the wilds and the lands of Asgeir were starting to get stronger."}, "post-42425": {"user": "Aia Heijra", "user_num": 511, "timestamp": "1466899648000", "message": "Aia slowly grins at Einar, smirking at the rage filling within him. \"Einar, Son of Rodmar,\" she spoke honestly, but with a hint of blood-filled viciousness common in most Varan, \"if you would have me, I will follow you on your quest, fight your enemies, help you find peace.\" She held her arm out, intending to grip Einar's forearm and shake it, \"a warrior's bone,\" she suggested. In Asgeir, many Varan friendships were cemented with such a handshake.Aia needed one more adventure before heading back home to Valland. She would trust Einar and assist him in his quest for vengeance. The strongest bonds are forged in the heat of battle,\" she repeated the old Varan saying in her head.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Aia slowly grins at Einar, smirking at the rage filling within him. \"Einar, Son of Rodmar,\" she spoke honestly, but with a hint of blood-filled viciousness common in most Varan, \"if you would have me, I will follow you on your quest, fight your enemies, help you find peace.\" She held her arm out, intending to grip Einar's forearm and shake it, \"a warrior's bone,\" she suggested. In Asgeir, many Varan friendships were cemented with such a handshake."}, "post-42709": {"user": "Einar Rodmarsson", "user_num": 1660, "timestamp": "1467155257000", "message": "Einar stands up it was clear to him that his purpose had been found. The original barer of this dagger, had escaped justice long enough. Assuming they were still alive, Einar would make them pay, not just for him but for the now ancient long dead clan of Raging Tusk. He reaches out and grips Aia's hand with his right hand. It felt as cold as the cave floor and the texture of the rotting flesh was surprisingly rough and bumpy. However it didn't matter, the significance behind the handshake was purposeful. He glances at his axe. \"Too long I've accepted my fate, I lost count at a hundred years. It's time for revenge. If the original crafter is dead, I'll kill his son, if his son is dead, I'll kill his grandson. If his grandson is dead, mark my words I'll find any of his living relatives and slaughter them!\" He exclaims. Einar glances out onto the wilds as if admiring it. To him it was home, it would always be home, however it was like living in an empty shell of what it once was. History was the tales of days gone by, Einar was from days gone by at least in the wilds. He had seen it change and reshape itself, all the while feeling profoundly empty as he literally rotted away. A living corpse of what he once was. Aia bought back a spark within Einar that hadn't existed in a very long time. Now he had a goal, and no matter what happened he could live on knowing he had sought justice in the true Viking way. He turns to Aia.\"Let us make haste, fellow warrior. Even though these lands are my home, I am eager to see what lays beyond\". He gives a nod to Aia before gripping his axe and picking it up from its previous position propped against the wall of the cave.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Einar stands up it was clear to him that his purpose had been found. The original barer of this dagger, had escaped justice long enough. Assuming they were still alive, Einar would make them pay, not just for him but for the now ancient long dead clan of Raging Tusk. "}, "post-42792": {"user": "Aia Heijra", "user_num": 511, "timestamp": "1467240315000", "message": "Aia shakes Einar's hand with pride, ready to assist this man and restore his pride.  She slips gloves over her hands and covers her head with a fur hood.  \"Lead the way, my friend,\" she tells him.  \"Where is it you wish to search first?\"", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Aia shakes Einar's hand with pride, ready to assist this man and restore his pride.  She slips gloves over her hands and covers her head with a fur hood.  \"Lead the way, my friend,\" she tells him.  \"Where is it you wish to search first?\""}, "post-43055": {"user": "Einar Rodmarsson", "user_num": 1660, "timestamp": "1467505359000", "message": "Einar picks up his gloves from the ground and slides them on. Asgeir seemed like a natural starting point. It sounded similar to the wilds and would be a good stepping stone. Einar knew there would be folk who may glance his way because of what he had become but he did not care.\"Asgeir, sounds like a good place to start, the blacksmiths may know a thing or two. Local legends, histories. Show 'em the blade they might be able to tell a thing or two\" he responds ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Einar picks up his gloves from the ground and slides them on. Asgeir seemed like a natural starting point. It sounded similar to the wilds and would be a good stepping stone. Einar knew there would be folk who may glance his way because of what he had become but he did not care."}, "post-43601": {"user": "Aia Heijra", "user_num": 511, "timestamp": "1468015801000", "message": "Aia nodded to Einar.  \"You want me to take you there?  To Asgeir?  I suppose some of the seers, druids, and old crones might know of some legends and folklore.  Might can ask them.\"", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Aia nodded to Einar.  \"You want me to take you there?  To Asgeir?  I suppose some of the seers, druids, and old crones might know of some legends and folklore.  Might can ask them.\""}}