{"post-59952": {"user": "Marius Alistair", "user_num": 2089, "timestamp": "1486087145000", "message": "Members(Accounts) :Marius AlistairThe Rangers of Denaria are a small group of warriors dedicated to the protection of the few surviving members of the once great city of Denaria, destroyed in a war many years ago. Due to their nature, training, and recruitment methods, the amount of actual rangers is very low. The only members of the group are Denarians(humans).Lore and History: The city of Denaria once stood as a major trade hub in a distant land, surrounded by lush forests and rivers, giving it a natural beauty. For hundreds of years, the city slowly grew in size, until its population numbered in the tens of thousands of citizens. Led by the High Chancellor, Denaria allowed all to come and go as they pleased, watched over by the elite Rangers of Denaria, the police and military force of the city. Numbering only a few hundred at any time, the original Rangers relied on their mastery of the bow and arrow to enforce the will of Denaria, and defend its people. This golden age of peace was shattered ten years ago, however. A horde of raiders and monsters, travelling in what could only be considered a migration of some kind, attacked outlining checkpoints in Denaria. Outnumbered, and never having faced such a threat, the Rangers never the less fought back against the invaders, killing hundreds in hit and run assaults throughout the forest. This campaign couldn't last however, for while they killed nearly ten enemies for every Ranger they lost, the invading host could easily sustain these losses. After days of constant fighting, the Rangers were finally pushed back to the Denaria itself, and while the civilians were evacuated, the majority of the Rangers held the walls against a endless horde of enemies. Only a few hundred civilians had escaped the city when the walls were overrun, and the horde flooded into the city, butchering anyone they found. The ranking Ranger leading the civilians, a Captain of the Rangers, led those he could away, and the last remnants of Denaria listened as their home and people were destroyed.Over the course of several years, the refugees traveled across the land. For five years, Captain Mathew led the column of survivors, before finally falling to the blade of a bandit leader while defending the last of his people. Marius Alistair, the captains second in command took over, and he would continue to lead them on for another few years before they finally came to a new forest. Believing it to be safe, Marius has begun to establish a new home for his people there.Units:Ranger-The standard warrior of the Rangers of Denaria. They are elite archers and swordsman, taking months to train and learn the ways of their elders. They are armed with a longbow, knife and sword, as well as the standard green and brown cloak of the Rangers. They also have leather armor underneath their Cloak for added protection. (4NPC points)Veteran Ranger: These are the men who lead other Rangers. They lead squads of four Rangers, and answer to the Captain directly. They are armed the same as the other Rangers, except they also carry medical equipment. Also have the leather armor. (5NPC)Current Numbers:20 Rangers4 VeteranAlways open to new members.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Members(Accounts) :Marius Alistair"}}