{"post-36204": {"user": "The Inferno Assembly", "user_num": 1440, "timestamp": "1462346649000", "message": "Stationed sixty feet underground, the Inferno Assembly is very tricky to locate. Entering through the trapdoor, you would have to proceed down a long, winding staircase, made of ancient stone, before reaching a central corridor, at the bottom. A cold, iron gate, heavy and magically reinforced acts as a second line of defense, at the end of the corridor. The only method of bypassing the gate is through presentation of the Rose Emblem, carried by all operatives of the Inferno Assembly.Inside the gate, a crimson room hides. Coloured stones adorn the floor, placed strategically in order to recreate the emblem of the Inferno Assembly, in a mosaic form. The ceiling juts up high, ending in a dome structure, supported by two large mahogany beams. Runes adorn the wood, giving them increased structural integrity, without it they wood snap like toothpicks.The walls of this room are adorned with weapons. Spears, pikes, swords, rapiers, greatswords, battleaxes - every weapon conceivable for arming yourself. The wall opposing it stands a separate rack. Series of silken gloves hang, each adorned with a rune in their palm. The rune shines with red, a brilliant sign of power, drawing your eyes in. These gloves are for pyromancers, masters of the flame.Each corner if the room is tapered off, creating diagonal corridors, leading out into different rooms. Another corridor exists in the center of the room, blocked by another iron gate. Behind it exists the crimson chapels where Attla was first touched by the flame. The diagonal corridors lead off into the study, the sleeping quarters, the training area and the bar, which splits off into storage.<enter through A Suspicious Trapdoor><entrance to Inferno Assembly Study, Inferno Assembly Bar and Inferno Assembly Training Area>", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Stationed sixty feet underground, the Inferno Assembly is very tricky to locate. Entering through the trapdoor, you would have to proceed down a long, winding staircase, made of ancient stone, before reaching a central corridor, at the bottom. A cold, iron gate, heavy and magically reinforced acts as a second line of defense, at the end of the corridor. The only method of bypassing the gate is through presentation of the Rose Emblem, carried by all operatives of the Inferno Assembly."}}