{"post-71755": {"user": "Lhesa", "user_num": 2460, "timestamp": "1503200826000", "message": "The seas around the archipelago see a large number of ships, as there is no other way to reach Lhesa. Prevailing winds and currents make travel to the islands faster than travel back to the mainland. Mostly-submerged reefs and the occasional sudden squall make travel somewhat more dangerous for inexperienced sailors than it might otherwise be.Fast-moving ships bearing the Lhessian flag patrol the area, eager to earn the bonus pay for recovering smuggled artifacts, but it is possible to slip through undetected.\u00a0Visibly armed vessels or ships coming in groups will virtually always alert the patrols and be checked. [Individuals coming to Lhesa from other locations in the Overworld must post here upon entering Lhessian waters. Warships, pirates, smugglers, and vessels bearing official envoys or representatives of other nations and their governments need to wait for a response, all others may proceed directly to the island.]", "link_list": [], "image_list": ["http://i.imgur.com/Y4HEvDc.jpg"], "html": "The seas around the archipelago see a large number of ships, as there is no other way to reach Lhesa. Prevailing winds and currents make travel to the islands faster than travel back to the mainland. Mostly-submerged reefs and the occasional sudden squall make travel somewhat more dangerous for inexperienced sailors than it might otherwise be."}, "post-71908": {"user": "Layla Rashmi", "user_num": 2423, "timestamp": "1503432254000", "message": "Sea Leopard, a sleek and fast brigantine powered by both sail and oar, was sailing under Rond\u00f3n colors at the moment. By design, she was a warship, and still looked the part. Over the years, she changed hands many times. Claimed by pirates and pirate hunters in turn, the ship eventually found itself under the command of one Layla Rashmi.House Rashmi owned many ships now, but the Leo was Layla\u2019s personal vessel. Far from a coddled owner paying professional sailors to do the work, Layla always took direct command of the ship when she was aboard. She was also something of a madwoman at sea.Racing at the head of one of the sudden squalls that regularly rose up in the Lhessian seas, Layla held onto the railing with an iron grip, one foot resting on the edge of the deck as she hung out over the water.Her long coat flapped around her as she laughed wildly and called out to the sailors. \u201cFull sails, you cowards! You want to get to port ahead of the storm, or in it!?\u201d It was incredibly dangerous, running full sails and racing the squall like this. It was fast, but was also barely controllable, and put stresses on masts and hull it might not be able to withstand. Worse, there was the risk of coming up on land with little control of the vessel, or with the storm throwing them at the shore or the docks.But considering the captain was literally dangling three-quarters overboard, holding on by one hand, while wearing plate armor, it seemed to be more or less the character of the ship. The crew had known what they were they were doing when they signed up, and were mostly as fearlessly crazy as she was. ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "<i>Sea Leopard</i>"}, "post-72031": {"user": "Circe Lexetira", "user_num": 2426, "timestamp": "1503592896000", "message": "Circe wasn't a sailor.She wasn't any stranger to sailing, but with the gap in age between her and the crew, they knew far more about it than she did. For Circe, it wasn't anything more than a means to get from one place to another, being that she wasn't the sort of person to take a boat for pleasure. She wasn't entirely clueless however, having made a point to dress lightly and to leave her arms and armor below deck.Circe was also not an easily frightened woman.But there was just something about this situation, whether it was the rough seas, her employer behaving like a woman possessed, or the crew fearlessly following her orders, something about it made her nervous. She had given up on trying to talk Layla back onto the ship proper some hours ago, and as such Circe resigned herself for the time being with nothing to do but put her faith in the captain and crew.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Circe wasn't a sailor."}, "post-72427": {"user": "Francis Bancroft de Rashmi", "user_num": 2493, "timestamp": "1504299294000", "message": "The Captain of the ship, which should be Nisha today, should definitely be Nisha and not his wife, had told Francis over breakfast that they would be arriving \"soon.\" Being that the Captain was Nisha and NOT HIS WIFE, soon could be anytime between 20 minutes from now and 3 days. He hoped very much it was the former, but feared deeply it was the latter. He knew the House Rashmi loved the open sea. Unfortunately, the Bancrofts had been a firmly land dwelling family, and Francis was never anything but miserable while sailing.\u00a0Green in gills, Nisha would joke (it had better be Nisha, he and his wife would be having a long talk if this was all a rouse for her to head the sailing for this journey), and now all the children did, too. Luckily for them, they all seemed to share the iron stomach of the Rashmi's, even his son, Rowan, who was the only child who looked like a mix of he and Zenia instead of a tiny copy of their mother, aunt, and grandmother, may the heavens have mercy on his soul.Layla, Circe, and Edmund had set sail only the day before the twins, Alexandra, and the children, but had intended a much faster speed and would have already arrived in Lhesa. When offered a choice of whether he wanted to go ahead with his brother in law or help wrangle the ten children, he happily chose the ship with the chaos. Honestly, it was difficult to say whether more chaos was created by ten Rashmi children or two adult Rashmi sisters, especially as one of them (Please, for the love of all that is holy, let it be Nisha) was Captain of the ship.\u00a0", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "The Captain of the ship, which should be Nisha today, should definitely be Nisha and "}, "post-72430": {"user": "Nisha Rashmi", "user_num": 2427, "timestamp": "1504300481000", "message": "This was certainly not the first time she had Captained such a voyage, nor was it a particularly difficult one to navigate as they had decided to take the journey at a leisurely pace and follow behind the storm. Under other circumstances, without the ten precious beings that were the next generation of House Rashmi, Nisha likely would have made another choice. But the truth of the matter was it had been rather enjoyable to spend the two weeks at sea with her twin, her sister-in-law, Alexandra, and brother-in-law, Francis. Poor Francis did not do so well on the water, but he was still a kind soul, and somehow managed to be patient with the near feral tribe of children.\u00a0They were maybe a day out from landfall, and she was spending the majority of her time on the deck just enjoying the sun and the open sea. She didn't know when she would be sailing again next, and while she looked forward to exploring their new home, the sea would always call to her and her twin both. She watched little Marigold try to join in with the older girls, Ivy, Holly, Willow, and Night, in their games of attempting to fool everyone about who was who. She encouraged it fully. Just because she didn't pass for them now, she would in another ten years, and then they would really be in trouble.\u00a0Mama told her and Zee it served them right for all the tricks they played on her growing up. Honestly, she didn't care. These children were loved, granted everything they could ever want by their indulgent grandmother. She and her twin would just look at each other sometimes and groan. No wonder their mother had near torn her hair out trying to manage parenting with her.\u00a0", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "This was certainly not the first time she had Captained such a voyage, nor was it a particularly difficult one to navigate as they had decided to take the journey at a leisurely pace and follow behind the storm. Under other circumstances, without the ten precious beings that were the next generation of House Rashmi, Nisha likely would have made another choice. But the truth of the matter was it had been rather enjoyable to spend the two weeks at sea with her twin, her sister-in-law, Alexandra, and brother-in-law, Francis. Poor Francis did not do so well on the water, but he was still a kind soul, and somehow managed to be patient with the near feral tribe of children.\u00a0"}, "post-72431": {"user": "Zenia Rashmi", "user_num": 2424, "timestamp": "1504300599000", "message": "This was certainly not the first time she had Captained such a voyage, nor was it a particularly difficult one to navigate as they had decided to take the journey at a leisurely pace and follow behind the storm. Under other circumstances, without the ten precious beings that were the next generation of House Rashmi, Zenia likely would have made another choice. But the truth of the matter was it had been rather enjoyable to spend the two weeks at sea with her twin, her sister-in-law, Alexandra, and husband, Francis. Poor Francis did not do so well on the water, but he was still a kind soul, and somehow managed to be patient with the near feral tribe of children. They were maybe a day out from landfall, and she was spending the majority of her time on the deck just enjoying the sun and the open sea. She didn't know when she would be sailing again next, and while she looked forward to exploring their new home, the sea would always call to her and her twin both. She watched little Marigold try to join in with the older girls, Ivy, Holly, Willow, and Night, in their games of attempting to fool everyone about who was who. She encouraged it fully. Just because she didn't pass for them now, she would in another ten years, and then they would really be in trouble.\u00a0Mama told her and Nisha it served them right for all the tricks they played on her growing up. Honestly, she didn't care. These children were loved, granted everything they could ever want by their indulgent grandmother. She and her twin would just look at each other sometimes and groan. No wonder their mother had near torn her hair out trying to manage parenting with her.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "This was certainly not the first time she had Captained such a voyage, nor was it a particularly difficult one to navigate as they had decided to take the journey at a leisurely pace and follow behind the storm. Under other circumstances, without the ten precious beings that were the next generation of House Rashmi, Zenia likely would have made another choice. But the truth of the matter was it had been rather enjoyable to spend the two weeks at sea with her twin, her sister-in-law, Alexandra, and husband, Francis. Poor Francis did not do so well on the water, but he was still a kind soul, and somehow managed to be patient with the near feral tribe of children. "}, "post-72453": {"user": "Alexandra Rashmi", "user_num": 2495, "timestamp": "1504335216000", "message": "Alexandra wasn't nearly as used to traveling as the rest of the family, but the company kept her in good spirits during the journey. Most of her time aboard the ship was spent keeping an eye on the children, though she could only barely keep up with the horde of them. Zenia and Nisha's antics confused her more than a little, and as often as they took each other's place, Alexandra had taken to using their names interchangeably. After all, she had a half chance of being right each time, and getting them mixed up was the point of them doing so in the first place.Thankfully, she wasn't made seasick by the trip like Franics, but she surely wasn't a skilled sailor.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Alexandra wasn't nearly as used to traveling as the rest of the family, but the company kept her in good spirits during the journey. Most of her time aboard the ship was spent keeping an eye on the children, though she could only barely keep up with the horde of them. Zenia and Nisha's antics confused her more than a little, and as often as they took each other's place, Alexandra had taken to using their names interchangeably. After all, she had a half chance of being right each time, and getting them mixed up was the point of them doing so in the first place."}, "post-72858": {"user": "Valisaria", "user_num": 2475, "timestamp": "1505013421000", "message": "On the horizon any wary ships would spot a large silhouette in the sky, quickly growing larger as it approached. In a few moments the shape became clear. A dragon. A coral pink in color. Feathers tipped with teal and scarlet. A stream of\u00a0 red-blonde\u00a0 hair ran from it's head between glassy silver horns. It soared over patrolling boats, six wings occasionally stroking the air to keep her speed up, launching small but powerful gusts of wind along her path. ", "link_list": [], "image_list": ["http://i.imgur.com/bDWBS0E.png"], "html": "On the horizon any wary ships would spot a large silhouette in the sky, quickly growing larger as it approached. In a few moments the shape became clear. A dragon. A coral pink in color. Feathers tipped with teal and scarlet. A stream of\u00a0 red-blonde\u00a0 hair ran from it's head between glassy silver horns. It soared over patrolling boats, six wings occasionally stroking the air to keep her speed up, launching small but powerful gusts of wind along her path. "}, "post-72895": {"user": "Lhesa", "user_num": 2460, "timestamp": "1505149678000", "message": "Of course, the approach of the dragon was noted by ships at sea. Not only the patrols, but merchant and passenger ships as well. There was a great deal of shouting and pointing and staring in awe at the creature, as anyone would expect, of course.On some, weapons were readied just in case she meant to attack. In others, wizards aboard gathered magical energies in preparation for something happening, even if they weren't sure what it might be. And among the more competent, signal flags began to relay messages back to the city. Perhaps some of the faster ships could imagine they might outrun a dragon back to the city, there were faster ways to pass the word, and ships at sea had created one of the fastest that didn't rely on magic.By the time she reached the island, the city would be aware of Valisaria, at least.", "link_list": ["/user/2475"], "image_list": [], "html": "Of course, the approach of the dragon was noted by ships at sea. Not only the patrols, but merchant and passenger ships as well. There was a great deal of shouting and pointing and staring in awe at the creature, as anyone would expect, of course."}, "post-73005": {"user": "Valisaria", "user_num": 2475, "timestamp": "1505408704000", "message": "The dragon would at worst simply eyeball the ships hungrily. She knew that the little things that crawled all over the wooden constructs would try and attack her if she bothered them. Touchy little creatures. She flew on without bother the ships any further with hopes that they would give her the same courtesy. <Exit to the City of Lhesa if uninterrupted>", "link_list": ["http://thefantasysandbox.boards.net/thread/2791/lhesa-docks-post-first"], "image_list": [], "html": "The dragon would at worst simply eyeball the ships hungrily. She knew that the little things that crawled all over the wooden constructs would try and attack her if she bothered them. Touchy little creatures. She flew on without bother the ships any further with hopes that they would give her the same courtesy. "}}