{"post-89780": {"user": "Kargth", "user_num": 2077, "timestamp": "1555734335000", "message": "Noise. Horrible noise. That was the first thing that it heard. The first thing it had ever heard. The sound was sharp, loud and piercing, followed by soft squishing wet sounds. It didn\u2019t understand, it could not see, could not feel or smell. Just hear. It didn\u2019t even know what it was. Trying to move it found its movements arrested. He could not feel what was preventing it, nor could it see why. The sounds were getting louder now. The noises were getting closer until they were almost right in front of it. A loud wet slushing sound was heard almost right in front of where it was. Then suddenly clarity. He could see again. Darting his sight across his surroundings he uncovered he was in a great room. He was sitting down on some sort of seat at the end of a great hall. The ceiling several meters up and what seemed to be carved out of stone. It was dark, and the far hall could not be made out. The only reason why he could see at all was because of the light in front of him. Made from a torch now lying upon the ground. Why was it there? He turned his head, and a creaking of metal long since unmoved was heard. An arm was attached to that torch, yet nothing was attached to that arm. How strange. Stranger still was the blood that oozed slowly out of the bloody end of the arm. As it touched the granite flooring it became to fill into the crevices and etchings upon the floor. All of which seemed to be flowing to his seat in some archaic and esoteric set of runes and patterns. He looked down, he was wearing some sort of armoured plating. Dark and jagged, it covered his entire body. He was clutching some sort of sword as well, he tried to move it. But his arms would not obey. Blood was beginning to pool at the tip of his sword where it touched the granite flooring. Again, the harsh ringing noise. Moving his head towards the source of this great noise, the sound of protesting metal adding its own voice to the symphony of sound. He saw them. Four figures, three armed men and a small child. A fourth figure laid on the ground nearby. A woman in simple cloth. The owner of the erstwhile arm it seems. Her body laid not far from her former appendage, blood from her stump as well as several other areas of impact seeped from her. Now adding more ink to the quickly appearing pattern upon the floor. Two of the figures were armed in unkept leather armour and occasional plating. A haphazard combination of several styles they looked like a mismatched jigsaw. Sporting swords of equally unmatching design they seems to be approaching the third figure and the small child. The opposing figure wore simple robes, like that of the now dead woman. He clasped in his shaking hands a small simple sword. His face was facing towards him and looked of pure terror. The boy was crying behind the trembling man, cowering. The men were speaking, laughing at the simple man. Playing with him. A vast pattern had finally to shaped into the granite floor around his sword. Made from the life blood of the dead woman. The blood began to rise the length of his sword, revealing runes of similar design to that on the floor.His name is Kargth. That thought suddenly rose up to the for front of his mind. Kargth was he. The two figures were bandits, the dead woman was a mother, the simple man a father, and the child a son. It was like rising above dark water and breathing for the first time. He could understand. He could feel. And what he felt was anger. Kargth began to move his body now, feeling his motions return as they began to accept his commands. He could feel the sword now. Kargth commanded his body to rise. With creaking metal, it did so. The blood of the dead woman now swirling around his armour in sigils and etchings and patterns. The two figures had stopped playing with the father now and cut into him. Slashing and piercing. The simple man had no chance. He fell upon the floor blood gurgling out of his mouth. The two bandits had not noticed the knight rising behind them yet, their attention to focused on their play thing. Again they spoke. Kargth did not understand their tongue, the words sounded harsh and jovial as they approached the boy. The child himself was on the floor now, he knees bent. Begging. Kargth stepped forwards. The sound of his armoured boot ringing through the halls. The bandits turned towards him. They\u2019re faces of pleasure wiped and replaced with shock and terror. They had seen their deaths. They rose their swords once more; they knew they were blocked for kargth was standing in their way between them and the exit. Speaking to each other in hushed tones for a moment as kargth approached and began to raise his sword towards them. He could not remember how he knew how to fight, but he felt it.They attacked together. Trying to swerve past the dark knight and make a run for it. Kargth did not allow it. Cowards and thieves deserve to die like cowards and thieves. Kargth slashed at one of the men as he left his right side exposed in his rush to escape. Karght cleaved right through his haphazard leather and bit deep into his chest. Kicking his body that was stuck on his blade free. He fell to the ground clutching his side as his spasmed in pain. His compatriot saw the fate of his comrade and broke all reason. Trying to barrel through the knight towards his escape. With his left hand Kargth grabbed him by his throat and crushed it like a over ripen fruit. He collapsed to the ground limp. With each death, the armour that covered Kargths body began to reshape, rust began to disappear, dents began to fade away. The creaking of metal was not so loud anymore. The child was in fear, huddled, his back against a great stone pillar. Babbling in a tongue Kargth did not know. Slowly Kargth approached, his weapon lowered. The child was crying, snot dibbling from his nose as he curled even further into himself. Passing the now dead father, Kargth dropped to one knee, and slowly reached out a gloved hand palm open in what he hoped was a sign of friendship. ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Noise. Horrible noise. That was the first thing that it heard. The first thing it had ever heard. The sound was sharp, loud and piercing, followed by soft squishing wet sounds. It didn\u2019t understand, it could not see, could not feel or smell. Just hear. It didn\u2019t even know what it was. Trying to move it found its movements arrested. He could not feel what was preventing it, nor could it see why. The sounds were getting louder now. The noises were getting closer until they were almost right in front of it. A loud wet slushing sound was heard almost right in front of where it was. Then suddenly clarity. "}, "post-89781": {"user": "Kargth", "user_num": 2077, "timestamp": "1555742735000", "message": "It had been two days since the fight. The boy took a few hours to compose himself. It took a few more hours to learn his name. Tallarn. That was all that Kargth was able to understand. The language he spoke was still unknown to him. Kargth didn\u2019t actually remember any language, he thought but had no ability to voice them. After the boy had calmed down enough where he was lucid, Kargth began to wander the halls, after gesturing for the boy to stay there. He felt as if he had gotten the command through to him. Upon further investigation, it seemed that the chamber they were in was some sort of dining hall. Although the wooden tables and chairs had long since rotten away to dust, as the dust itself was thick along the entire room the only disturbance was where the strangers had kicked up a pathway in their fight. The shape of the room gave that appearance. His own seat that he was placed upon was made of stone upon a raised platform. The only real furniture left in this hall. No light was pouring into the room, and neither was there anything to burn. So the darkness was absolute again. As well as being silent once more expect for the ragged breaths of the child. As kargth made it to the end of the hall, over 50 metres away from his own seat. He noticed that a great door had once stood, now rotten away just like the furniture. Wanting to get a better view, Kargth unbuckled his helm, and looked around. Outside the great hall was another set of corridors, with a trail of footsteps leading in. He raised his hand to his head to scratch the back of his head. He felt nothing. Confused, Kargth felt around more. Waving his hand around where his head would be, eventually feeling the rim of his breastplate. Slowly he entered his fingers into the top of the plate and into his chest cavity. There was nothing. No sensation, no resistance. He was hollow. Afraid of what might happen, Kargth quickly strapped his helmet back into place. He looked down at his chest, which is where he noticed he didn\u2019t breathe. There was no rising or falling of the chest. What was he?Turning back to the child he thought of what he would do. Where was he? What was he? Why was he here? He couldn\u2019t remember anything before \u201cawakening\u201d it was like he simple was after wakening. Reaching the child, he saw that he was grasping what remained of his father and mother and sobbing. It seemed he was beginning to understand the gravity of the situation. He looked up as Kargth approached, squinting at him through the darkness. Kargth picked up the torch from the floor that the childs mother was holding. And began to search the bandits bodies for some sort of lighting material. Finding some sort of crude flint block, Kargth lit the torch once more. Gesturing to the boy to come to him, which the boy at first refused, but with a bit of time, slowly rose and took his hand. Kargth took the boy out of the chamber, and followed the footsteps out inside the chamber. No other torches could be seen yet as the walked. It seemed they were underground, the corridor twisted and wound its way upwards until the reached to be some sort of great anti-chamber, where light was poring in from a cave mouth. Here there lied a small camp. With a few more bodies similar to that of the mother and father. Including two cows and a small goat munching idly at a stack of hay near some sort of cart. It seemed they had set up camp here and where then ambushed and sent fleeing deep into the underground network of tunnels and rooms. Here the boy began to rummage through one of four tents that had been set up around a central firepit. Kargth inspected the campsite as the child did this. The fabric of the tent was new to him, some sort of strange new weave. It was unfamiliar, the clothes of the dead figures were of a similar design. He rummaged through their clothes. Finding several small coins. The icon was unknown to him, as was the figure. How much time has passed were the very coins were alien to him? Was he dead risen from the grave? Was he ever alive at all? These questions needed answers. Maybe this underground network of tunnels would give some answers. The boy was done rummaging and had brought out a small stuff animal and hugged it tight. Crying and talking to it. The boy was Kargths only connecting with the outside world. Kargth needed answers, the boy would have to do for now. Once again Kargth gestured for the boy to stay here. This time the child seemed more willing to stay with Kargth then before. Shrugging, Kargth took the boy and the wood down into the tunnels once more. Placing them in what seemed to be stone cupolas for torches. Once he reached the dining room once more, he picked up the bandits and took them out of the room back to the surface, the boy holding or picking up items that fell off them as Kargth carried. Kargth then did the same to the parents, this time much more delicate, especially with the mother. Who in a strange sort of way, is the one who gave him life. Once the bodies were all back to the surface, it was getting dark out here now as well. Kargth did not feel any cold, but the boy was beginning to shiver. So, Kargth set the central fire pit in the makeshift camp alit once more, for the boy. Who then quickly fell asleep? Strangely Kargth did not feel tired. So instead he stripped the dead of their belongings, inspected their items and buried them. Outside the cave, which revealed to be a forested area. The cave mouth almost completely covered in thick vines and moss. It is a wonder that the travellers or bandits found it at all. Retreating into the cave, Kargth began to sort through the belongings. He found several dozen coins, most bronze or silver. It seemed these people were poor, most likely travellers from some dirt village. A few small weapons mostly a few dagger and knives, some clothing and a few stales breads and salted meats. Strangely Kargth did not feel hungry or thirty either. Kargth took one of the remaining torches and headed back into the tunnels to explore. This place felt familiar somehow. He explored several of the upper corridors, finding large empty rooms, what looked to be some sort of stables, just off from the cave entrance. What function these empty rooms served he did not know. He did find several dark holes in these rooms, unable to see the bottom which seemed to lead to other places further down. Going deeper Kargth found several rooms that seemed to be designed as kitchens, with stoves made of the very stone, with smoke holes carved into the ceilings. Other rooms where just large empty spaces, whatever furniture or the like that were here were long since rotted or stolen.  The thick layer of dust attesting to this fact. Some of the larger rooms had a hole in the ceiling, where other rooms were attached, it seems that these were used as some way to transport supplies throughout the network.  Now once more he was back in his dining hall, this time alone. The silence a pleasing sound. Now with a torch in hand, Kargth was able to look more intently at the floors, it seemed that the etchings were scribbled all through out this room. The floor was completely covered in these strange runes and glyphs, all of which seemed to form into strange shapes and odd patterns. All of which was unknown to him, yet they matched the etchings upon his armour. Exploring further, Kargth found several side rooms. With great dark pits leading down deep into the darkness. He threw one of the torches in, and heard it clang against the rock sides, but soon the light was extinguished. With no sound of it stopping. This was the same in all four of the side chambers to the main hall. Rising up to the surface now, Kargth saw that it was become day again. The boy was still fast asleep where he lay. In the morning after he was fed, Kargth decided he would learn his tongue, as much as he could from the boy at least. He must learn of what has happened. ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "It had been two days since the fight. The boy took a few hours to compose himself. It took a few more hours to learn his name. Tallarn. That was all that Kargth was able to understand. The language he spoke was still unknown to him. Kargth didn\u2019t actually remember any language, he thought but had no ability to voice them. "}, "post-89782": {"user": "Kargth", "user_num": 2077, "timestamp": "1555746076000", "message": "It had taken several more days to learn the boy\u2019s tongue. The language was strange, familiar but alien at the same time. Some words came quickly to him, others did not. He learned that his \u201cvoice\u201d sounded hollow and cold. The boy asked several times to see his face, but Kargth remained stalwart in not telling the child who he really was until Kargth thought the boy ready. He learned that this place was outside the realm of the several vying kingdoms that inhabited the land. All of which were not familiar to him. He learned that the boy\u2019s family were traders for a nearby kingdom, there to sell off cattle and to buy more grain the winter. Where they were set upon by a group of bandits that drove them away from their cattle and chased them deep into the forest. It seemed they had found this place out after being chased for two days, and thought it was secluded enough to set up a camp and finally rest. It seemed they were wrong. \u201cDo you\u2026\u201d, Kargth struggled with the words. \u201cRemember how you came here?\u201d \u201cA little bit\u201d Replied Tallarn \u201cIt was dark some of the way. I might be able to show you.\u201d\u201cGood.\u201d Said Kargth, if he could find these bandits, he might find a map of where he was specifically, maybe even a book. \u201cWe will\u2026.travel there tomorrow.\u201d \u201cWhat will happen to me then?\u201d Asked the boy, \u201cMa and Pa are gone, I had no family other than them\u201d He looked down and hugged his stuffed animal tight. The truth was that Kargth did not know. He had no need to eat or drink, nor did he feel the cold. But the boy required constant feeding and was quickly going through the food supplies. \u201cWe will make that\u2026 Choice. At a later\u2026date. Kargth replied. In the morning, Kargth readied himself. He was beginning to feel tired now, although he tried to rest. He could not seem to fall asleep or get any kind of rejuvenation. Taking the boy, a large backpack, the coins and some of the food and water. Kargth and the Tallarn set out. Tallarn led the way, but it seemed the bandits did not need to worry about hiding their tracks. And the trail was quite easy to follow. After stopping for the night for the boy to rest. Kargth inspected the nearby tree\u2019s. They were old, large and majestic. Minus the small trail created by the bandits, Kargth didn\u2019t think that anyone had been here in a very, very long time. He was beginning to tire now. His thought leaving him quicker. Again, Kargth tried to rest, but he felt no refreshment, nor did he even fall asleep. It will be interesting, being awake when other will sleep. The next day they headed out again after the boy ate a small amount of bread. By about midday they had reached a road of some kind. Little more then a hunter trail really, but Tallarn was sure this was where they had come from. By night time, Kargth could see light in the distance. From some other camp. Not wishing to frighten the boy, Kargth failed to mention this fact. Instead decided to ask more about the world. \u201cWho is the king of these lands?\u201d Kargth asked while the boy at a small bit of salted meat. \u201cI don\u2019t know, Uncle Rayland was the village elder, he\u2019s not really my uncle, I just call him that\u201d \u201cHow far away is your\u2026village?\u201d Kargth replied \u201cAbout 9 days journey from here, I think. We\u2019re too poor for horses\u201d the boy said, somewhat sheepishly. \u201cWe shall go there then, after this.\u201d Kargth said. \u201cI must know more. But for now, you must rest. Tomorrow\u2026I will need you to hide\u2026. You will stay here. I will go to the \u2026bandits.\u201d The boy suddenly became scared \u201cYou will die just like my parents, there were so many of them!\u201d \u201cDo not worry about me. I will be\u2026fine\u201d Kargth replied assuredly. \u201cNow sleep. I will stand watch\u201d In the morning, Kargth woke the boy, gave him half the coins and the food, and told him to wait. If he did not return by dark tonight, he was to travel back to the cave and try and survive until he was older. Nodding, the boy grasped a small sword Kargth had brought with him and Kargth left. It took him a little while to reach the bandit camp. Which he discovered was a little more then a camp. It was more of a encampment. They seemed to have made a small fort out of the surrounding tree\u2019s and a small cave network. It seems they were well established. Inside, Kargth could hear cattle, as well as several other sound. Some of women and children. Unsheathing his sword, he walked towards the encampment now in the open. It took about a minute for hurried sounds to be heard from inside. Shouts and arguments, it seems he had been spotted. By that time he was a few meters away from what seemed to be some sort of makeshift gate made of felled trees. From a nearby tower made of lashing and tree logs a person wearing similar haphazard armour of that of the dead bandits spoke.\u201cWhat do ya want. Cause we don\u2019t got nothin for you!\u201d He shouted. \u201cGo away or we\u2019ll kill ya, slowly like.\u201d Kargth ignored him and continued to walk forwards. These men were nothing more then animals. Devolved and debased. They will all die. \u201cAlright, I gave ye your warnin, boys. Kill em, I like his armour.\u201d Now Kargth was a few meters away from the gate when it opened. And out rushed about 20 men, two on horse back the rest on foot. They wield an assortment of pikes, swords and bows. All in various designs and wear. The horses charged him with long sabres. Kargth side stepped them, rising his sword above his head, and cleanly sliced into one of the horsemen, of which he fell solidly off his horse. The second one came next, here Kargth slashed at the horse\u2019s knees as it came, throwing the rider far off his horse and then crushed as the horse came soon after. This was all over in under a minute. The other men, those on foot, where now less sure of themselves. The blood on Kargth\u2019s sword seem to seep into the metal itself, revealing the runes upon it once more. Kargth felt his strength return to him again. Even more so now. Others came to him, some in pairs, others trying to kill him alone. All died to his blade. Eventually they tried to flee back into the fort, but it was too late. They had boxed themselves in, there was no other way out. Once inside, he saw several cages of women and children, with collars around their necks. Slavers, Kargth realised. These were worse than bandits. One by one he slaughtered them like animals. Disgusting creatures not worthy of the life they had. Some even begged. These he killed the slowest. For they were cowards and hypocrites. Eventually his whole body was soaked in blood. He felt rejunivated, reborn. His mind shaper then ever. He remembered more now. He was a leader before. Master of lands. That was where he came from. His keep, his home. After the last man had died. Crying and sobbing. Kargth turned to the prisoners. They were afraid of him. He slaughtered over two dozen men without a word, quickly, efficiently, brutally. He began to approach the cages, there were little over 30 people here. And about 12 heads of cattle. All were backing away from him, even the cattle seemed afraid. Kargth picked through some of the corpses, rummaged through their gear and chests. A few books where found, a couple small pouches of coins and gems. He took it all. He grabbed the one remaining horse, it was a white and black spotted stallion, with a simple saddle attached. He stored his loot into the horse and returned to the cages. Raising his sword, the people once more huddled as far back as they could, he sliced into the crude cage chain. And opened the door. \u201cYou are\u2026 free\u201d Kargth spoke. After a moment of shock, they began to spill out of the cages. Some crying, suddenly on their knees in front of Kargth, thanking him, and touching his hands and feet. Others ran to the dead slavers, kicking or stabbing the corpses, picking out swords or other items from the slaughtered men. These people had seen horrible things, Kargth realised, undergone such torment at the hands of animals. They needed better protection. That was when Kargth knew what he was to do with the boy. \u201cYou are\u2026free to go where you wish. Take what you wish.\u201d Kargth said loudly the gathered crowd of freed slaves. \u201cYou may\u2026come with me. If you wish. I have shelter and\u2026protection.\u201d Some of the women thanked him more, grabbing hold of children and saying that they would come. Others decided they would leave with their spoils. By evening, the camp was stripped bare of anything of value, everyone was bursting with items that they had stolen, or recovered from the loot of the slavers. Kargth left, with little over a dozen women and children in tow. They brought with the cattle, as it was now rightly the boys now. Kargth thought of what was to come. What will happen to him now? No doubt the tales of his brutal killings will travel, as well as his offer. That will be a bridge to cross. For now, he must find the boy. And take him and the others back to his Fort. He had thought of a name for it now, a fitting name. Fort Silence. ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "It had taken several more days to learn the boy\u2019s tongue. The language was strange, familiar but alien at the same time. Some words came quickly to him, others did not. He learned that his \u201cvoice\u201d sounded hollow and cold. The boy asked several times to see his face, but Kargth remained stalwart in not telling the child who he really was until Kargth thought the boy ready. He learned that this place was outside the realm of the several vying kingdoms that inhabited the land. All of which were not familiar to him. He learned that the boy\u2019s family were traders for a nearby kingdom, there to sell off cattle and to buy more grain the winter. Where they were set upon by a group of bandits that drove them away from their cattle and chased them deep into the forest. It seemed they had found this place out after being chased for two days, and thought it was secluded enough to set up a camp and finally rest. It seemed they were wrong. "}}