{"post-80678": {"user": "Tawakoshi", "user_num": 2480, "timestamp": "1521491582000", "message": "The area of downtown Kiyonai where goods and foodstuffs are stored in large stone or wooden warehouses. While guards are posted outside the buildings of wealthy merchants, there are also run-down areas where ne'er-do-wells gather by night to plot nefarious deeds.\u00a0", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "The area of downtown Kiyonai where goods and foodstuffs are stored in large stone or wooden warehouses. While guards are posted outside the buildings of wealthy merchants, there are also run-down areas where ne'er-do-wells gather by night to plot nefarious deeds.\u00a0"}, "post-80679": {"user": "Gihei Wakuri [Deceased]", "user_num": 2880, "timestamp": "1521493182000", "message": "Gihei and his henchmen had arrived at the abandoned rice storage house at dusk. The small monkey man, Saruji, had scuttled back to the Drunken Otter quite soon after leaving to follow Yasuke. He was now sporting a black eye where Gihei had shown his displeasure that Saruji had been spotted. The six men had given the building a once over, kicking out a couple of vagrants into the streets who were sheltering in the warehouse for the night. One of them had a quarter bottle of sake, which Gihei's men had relieved him of. \u201cAll clear,\u201d growled the biggest and most intimidating member of the group, a muscular thug with a scar that had taken out half his nose, and a long black plait that grew from the back of his head, the rest shaved. Gihei had put Saruji and three others up onto the warehouse roofs. Three armed with bows, and Saruji with a slingshot they would have a good line of sight to anyone approaching, and Saruji himself was scampering over the rooftops to cast an eye around for an early spot of Yasuke and his people. Gihei sat in the centre of the earth floor of the warehouse, his axe across his knees, while his two beefier guys manned the entrance. The temple bell had not yet rung for the hour when Gihei's ears pricked up as he heard Saruji's warning whistle. He stood, hefting his axe and quickly stalked to the ruined wall, putting his eye up against it to try to get a view of the street. At that moment the three henchmen on the roofs took aim at the group of men approaching them. They had been warned not to shoot Yasuke unless it was completely necessary. Three arrows flew out soundlessly towards their targets.Xj2PC8ko1-201-201-20 1-20\u00b71-20\u00b71-20", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Gihei and his henchmen had arrived at the abandoned rice storage house at dusk. The small monkey man, Saruji, had scuttled back to the Drunken Otter quite soon after leaving to follow Yasuke. He was now sporting a black eye where Gihei had shown his displeasure that Saruji had been spotted. The six men had given the building a once over, kicking out a couple of vagrants into the streets who were sheltering in the warehouse for the night. One of them had a quarter bottle of sake, which Gihei's men had relieved him of. \u201cAll clear,\u201d growled the biggest and most intimidating member of the group, a muscular thug with a scar that had taken out half his nose, and a long black plait that grew from the back of his head, the rest shaved. "}, "post-80683": {"user": "Yasuke Shisou", "user_num": 2496, "timestamp": "1521495720000", "message": "It was to be expected that Gihei would command the help of his henchmen as he always sought to get the upper hand in anything he did. Yasuke knew him, and he had spotted Saruji when he followed him too. When Yasuke had mentioned that he had finally located the guy behind the abduction of Nakatani the samurai at the mansion were almost stepping on each other for Yasuke to pick them and they seemed more than motivated to bring clan Hizashi some good news among the bad ones and revenge their lord Kojuro, who was injured in battle. \"Alright, I see a few guys on the roof. Lets move forward and get some arrows on them and then I'll move inside and take this bastard while you wait outside the door. My business with him his personal and for the honor of clan Hizashi.\" Yasuke commanded. As they pressed forwards Gihei's henchmen had spotted them too and a few arrows were fired - one samurai injured in his shoulder and another one mortally struck in his neck where his armor didn't cover. The six samurai archers that he brought would immediately fire back. |s33siyS1-201-201-201-201-201-20Yasuke would move quickly to the front of the warehouse and with a few samurai he engaged the two fellows guarding the entrance. Having not yet drawn his sword, Yasuke jumped the tallest one and with one hand grabbing his collar he would unleash his fury into the henchman's face with his other fist - trying to knock him out in one go.\u00a01-20Two other samurai would attack the second one with swords drawn - slashing him down if possible.\u00a01-20\u00a01-201-20\u00b71-20\u00b71-20\u00b71-20\u00b71-20\u00b71-20\u00b71-20\u00b71-20\u00b71-20", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "It was to be expected that Gihei would command the help of his henchmen as he always sought to get the upper hand in anything he did. Yasuke knew him, and he had spotted Saruji when he followed him too. When Yasuke had mentioned that he had finally located the guy behind the abduction of Nakatani the samurai at the mansion were almost stepping on each other for Yasuke to pick them and they seemed more than motivated to bring clan Hizashi some good news among the bad ones and revenge their lord Kojuro, who was injured in battle. "}, "post-80685": {"user": "Gihei Wakuri [Deceased]", "user_num": 2880, "timestamp": "1521497527000", "message": "One of the rooftop archers took an arrow in the eye and staggered, falling down onto the path below with a shout. He hit the ground with the back of his head and his neck gave out a loud crunching sound as his body collapsed. Another of the archers took an arrow in his arm and another in his thigh. He was still alive but in no condition to fight as he tried to slither across the roof out of line of sight of the samurai below. The third archer watched the two arrows whistle past his ears and took a return shot to the samurai who just killed his buddy. mZgK|vTv1-20Saruji hid, letting the samurai pass him before he whirled his slingshot and aimed it at the back of one of the samurai archers' heads. If he managed to hit, it might not kill him, but it would make it difficult for him to take the next shot. 1-20Gihei moved back to the centre of the warehouse, calmly waiting. He heard the sound of combat and death outside. So Yasuke had brought quite a number of men. They could only pass through the door one or two at a time though, even if they got past his two largest henchmen. One of Gihei's guards fell silently as the two samurai fell upon him and sliced him into bits, the only sound being blood leaping from severed arteries. He hadn't even had time to lift his blacksmith's hammer. The second guard, he of the scarred nose and plaited hair saw Yasuke leap at him. The punch took him by surprise as he was concentrating on all the samurai with their weapons drawn. He was an unusually tough fellow and only reeled a little, spitting out a tooth, before getting back into the fray. Gihei had said not to kill Yasuke if possible, so instead of slicing him up with his rusty dual sabres, he took a swing at Yasuke, getting him off-balance if he tried to dodge, and gave him a rough kick in the behind, propelling him towards the doors and Gihei waiting inside.\u00a0Attack1-201-20\u00b71-20\u00b71-20\u00b71-20", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "One of the rooftop archers took an arrow in the eye and staggered, falling down onto the path below with a shout. He hit the ground with the back of his head and his neck gave out a loud crunching sound as his body collapsed. Another of the archers took an arrow in his arm and another in his thigh. He was still alive but in no condition to fight as he tried to slither across the roof out of line of sight of the samurai below. The third archer watched the two arrows whistle past his ears and took a return shot to the samurai who just killed his buddy. "}, "post-80702": {"user": "Yasuke Shisou", "user_num": 2496, "timestamp": "1521544712000", "message": "The samurai who had just killed one of the thugs was hit in the abdomen and grievously injured only being saved from sudden death because of the armor he wore. Another samurai heard a 'clonk' on his helmet before going dizzy being incapacitated for a few seconds. The four remaining archers quickly readied the next arrows and send them flying. Two against the one on the roof and two aiming for Saruji.\u00a0Roof5bsQUkuM1-20\u00a01-20Saruji1-20\u00a01-20\u00a0As Yasuke angrily punched the guy in the face, he found to his surprise that his hit hadn't connected well enough to knock him all the way out.\"What.. you monster!\" Yasuke said and prepared to launch his left fist, not satisfied that the first one had had such little impact. But the guy was back on his feet quickly and as Yasuke dodged a strike from him, he was kicked in the back and staggered towards the doors to the warehouse.\u00a0\"You guys... you guys can handle that bastard. And then wait for me out here until I get back!\" Yasuke commanded to the samurai, as he barged into the warehouse ramming a shoulder tackle into the door bursting it open immediately looking for the bastard his father was - believing him to have hidden behind some rice bags or in some other way trying to get the jump on him. \"You can show yourself. I just wanna... 'talk'! We never had a real father-son chat did we?\" Yasuke said and silently drew his katana.\u00a0Spot (if necessary)1-201-20\u00b71-20\u00b71-20\u00b71-20\u00b71-20", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "The samurai who had just killed one of the thugs was hit in the abdomen and grievously injured only being saved from sudden death because of the armor he wore. Another samurai heard a "}, "post-80785": {"user": "Gihei Wakuri [Deceased]", "user_num": 2880, "timestamp": "1521808504000", "message": "Another of the archers on the roof was taken out of action by Yasuke's samurai. Alive but wounded, he would not be firing any more arrows. Saruji on the other hand was hit in the left arm, and hissed out a curse. Scrambling across the rooftops he picked up the bow of his injured ally and took a shot at one of the samurai below. (Not being too proficient in archery he will hit on a 14 plus). 2ErkXFTl1-20The dual sabre fighter gave a little scoff at Yasuke as he pretended he was entering the warehouse of his own free will, then turned his attention to the samurai in front of him. He sized them up as a group, wondering how many he could take out before he would go down fighting. \"I've got this, boss!\" he called out to Gihei, ready to hold the door from the rest of the samurai as long as possible.1-20Gihei was sitting in the centre of the warehouse, in the middle of the earthen floor. He was easy to spot, not attempting to conceal himself despite the shadows that criss crossed over him as light from outside squeezed in between the gaps in the buildings wooden planking. His axe rested across his lap, and he looked up at Yasuke with a flinty look in his eyes. Gihei was aware of the commotion outside, though he couldn't say who was winning or losing, or how many men Yasuke had brought as his back-up. He stood, and rolled his shoulders, the huge axe held loosely in one hand. \"I'm right here, Shisou. I would say the time for talk is over, wouldn't you? You couldn't just let this be settled nice and quietly, could you? You had to make a big deal out of it.\" He hefted the axe over his shoulder. \"You've really let this samurai thing go to your head, haven't you?\" He laughed, an ugly grating laugh, there was no joy in it, only mockery. \"Now what? You want to slice me up with that pretty sword of yours? Come on and try. You never could beat me in a fight before. You think that thing will make any difference?\"\u00a01-20\u00b71-20", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Another of the archers on the roof was taken out of action by Yasuke's samurai. Alive but wounded, he would not be firing any more arrows. Saruji on the other hand was hit in the left arm, and hissed out a curse. Scrambling across the rooftops he picked up the bow of his injured ally and took a shot at one of the samurai below. (Not being too proficient in archery he will hit on a 14 plus). "}, "post-80939": {"user": "Yasuke Shisou", "user_num": 2496, "timestamp": "1522091688000", "message": "The samurai would continue to shoot for Saruji until he was no longer standing. doWxipot1-201-201-201-20In front of the warehouse the nimble samurai would rather proficiently dodge the large guy's rusty sabres and at about the same time three of the samurai would step in to stab at the bandit.\u00a01-201-201-20Yasuke looked almost disappointed at seeing Gihei down on the floor.\"Huh..? Have you already given up?\" he asked and looked at him with a frown. \"Time for talk is over? What do you mean, Gihei? This is the last time you'll ever get to blabber that foul mouth of yours again, so you better get it moving and tell me about my mother.\" Yasuke said annoyed.\u00a0Yasuke's attempt to keep his cool was short lived though and his taunts were ill received.\u00a0\"You shut your frickin' mouth!\" Yasuke said and stepped in with a side kick to Gihei's chest attempting to kick him to the ground and hopefully break a few ribs along with his ugly confidence.\u00a01-20\"You make a nice stepping stone. In some way, it was a blessing that you appeared when you did...\" Yasuke said with a devious smirk.\u00a01-20\u00b71-20\u00b71-20\u00b71-20\u00b71-20\u00b71-20\u00b71-20\u00b71-20", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "The samurai would continue to shoot for Saruji until he was no longer standing. "}, "post-81087": {"user": "Gihei Wakuri [Deceased]", "user_num": 2880, "timestamp": "1522522149000", "message": "In a hail of arrows, Saruji fell. On the way down to the ground he bounced off the slate roof of an outhouse and lay in a heap on the dirty ground, no longer breathing. The samurai had got their man. Meanwhile, the dual sabre wielding thug managed to evade his opponents, surprisingly fast and tough that they could not get one hit on him. His sabres whirled, but things were not easy for him either, facing off against three opponents. Briefly confused in the flash of weapons he accidentally smacked his face into a wall.\u00a0HyMyt3p91-20Gihei knew his taunts had reached Yasuke as his son launched a kick towards him in a moment of rage. He caught Yasuke's foot before it connected with his chest, and pushed it away from him, creating a small distance between the two that was just enough for them to be within weapons' reach of each other. If Yasuke was unwary he would lose his balance and could fall, he would have to catch himself.\u00a01-20Even now, Shisou had no idea what he wanted. Asking Gihei for facts about his mother one moment, then telling him to shut up the next. Gihei's goading had had its effect, and his eyes burned with hatred. Gihei wondered what he could possibly say about Shisou's mother that would make that hatred burn even brighter. Let him wonder, Gihei thought. There were a number of samurai outside. If Yasuke didn't kill him, perhaps they would. If he was going to meet his death then he would do so without giving Shisou the information he craved. Let him wonder, let that be Gihei's revenge for Shisou's betrayal.\u00a0Instead of talking, Gihei swung his axe towards Yasuke with both hands. His ferocity was unlike anything Yasuke had seen among the well-ordered, well-trained samurai who centred themselves and put away emotion in order to fight. Gihei was, pure and simple, a man who killed to get by. His rage and hatred and contempt fueled him, and he gave a yell as the axe bore down towards his son - if Yasuke did not dodge, the axe would meet his shoulder and given the strength behind the blow, likely take off his arm as well as cut deep into his torso.\u00a0 1-20\u00b71-20", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "In a hail of arrows, Saruji fell. On the way down to the ground he bounced off the slate roof of an outhouse and lay in a heap on the dirty ground, no longer breathing. The samurai had got their man. "}, "post-81114": {"user": "Yasuke Shisou", "user_num": 2496, "timestamp": "1522592132000", "message": "The samurai outside smirked seeing the cornered guy who viciously - but ultimately in vain - tried to defend himself against the samurai surrounding him. \"Haha, you think you had a chance? Right now Sou-dono is likely cutting up your coward boss and you'll be unceremoniously bleeding out right here!\" one of the samurai exclaimed as the three of them once again tried to cut the large guy down with simultaneous attacks. yhHtsh0S1-20\u00a01-20\u00a01-20Yasuke was sure that his kick would shut him up and thus a small fear induced shock jolted up his spine as Gihei caught his leg and pushed him back. For a short moment the thought 'this won't work out!' filled his mind and though Yasuke caught himself before falling to the ground, Gihei had succeeded in shaking him slightly. But Yasuke slapped himself on the cheek and looked at Gihei again with renewed focus on the task ahead. After all he had to remind himself that Gihei was a piece in a larger puzzle. A rather insignificant piece, Yasuke thought trying to push his worries away. But right now he remembered that he couldn't properly kill him before getting information on his mother.\u00a0\"Don't think I'll you get away with keeping silent, Gihei Wakuri! I'll make you scream it out if necessary!\" Yasuke shouted in anger as Gihei charged towards him with his axe. He was like a raging bull of malice and hunger for murdering. Yasuke had seen Gihei kill before, and though a horrible sight in itself, it was a far cry from how it felt when Gihei directed all that killing intent his way. None of Yasuke's former opponents had been this much of a bloody bastard, and quite frankly many of Yasuke's battles had been won because his opponents had been carrying some sort of moral into battle - had been wanting to fight fairly. Well, Yasuke had ruthlessly taken advantage of this to get the upper hand and to mercilessly kill them. And this... this was what Yasuke feared deep inside. Not seeing Gihei the mad bull charge towards him, but seeing the mirrored image of himself in flesh and blood. But it fueled Yasuke too. He could see the end of it now.\u00a0\"Ohhh we ARE alike, dad!\" Yasuke cried out and cut an opening on a sack of old flour lying on the floor and kicked it towards Gihei as he charged Yasuke. If Gihei was a bull, he would get a mad bulls death. Aided by the distraction of the small sack of flour - which had a high chance of covering Gihei in its moldy contents - Yasuke dodged right and went for a stab towards Gihei's gut. One that would hopefully bleed an awful lot.\u00a01-20\u00b71-20\u00b71-20", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "The samurai outside smirked seeing the cornered guy who viciously - but ultimately in vain - tried to defend himself against the samurai surrounding him. "}, "post-81119": {"user": "Gihei Wakuri [Deceased]", "user_num": 2880, "timestamp": "1522616815000", "message": "The fumbling of the two samurai who accidentally stabbed each other in the leg with their swords was more than made up for by the third man who scored a palpable hit on the dual sabre wielder as he groggily rebounded from the wall with a bloody nose. He was not a dual wielder for long as the samurai's strike sliced his arm from his body. Nevertheless, with a cry, he ran towards the samurai with his remaining sabre, managing to cut him even as blood pumped and gushed from his shoulder. vmZZDBAe1-20Gihei cut through the sack of flour as it was propelled towards him, slicing the bag in two and filling the area with a white cloud that obscured both opponents from each other. The ferocity of the blow that was meant for Yasuke would at least impress him as Gihei gave a yell of rage as he struck. However, when Yasuke dodged and struck for where Gihei had been, he would find his sword meeting air. He was not the only one who used the rice flour sack as a distraction, as Gihei stepped out from behind Yasuke to his left and swung his axe down towards his outstretched arms, but Gihei was not aiming to slice off his son's hands, instead he was aiming to cleave the blade from the pretty katana that Yasuke was weilding. That badge of samurai status may have given him some kudos but it was a weak and fragile thing against the hard steel of an axe blade made for hard labour. 1-20", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "The fumbling of the two samurai who accidentally stabbed each other in the leg with their swords was more than made up for by the third man who scored a palpable hit on the dual sabre wielder as he groggily rebounded from the wall with a bloody nose. He was not a dual wielder for long as the samurai's strike sliced his arm from his body. Nevertheless, with a cry, he ran towards the samurai with his remaining sabre, managing to cut him even as blood pumped and gushed from his shoulder. "}, "post-81122": {"user": "Yasuke Shisou", "user_num": 2496, "timestamp": "1522620290000", "message": "The two other samurai were out of the game and the third - shocked by the big guy's resilience after having his arm cut off - let his guard down and was cut across his left shoulder. He suppressed the pain knowing that his opponent was far worse off. In his mind an image of the ill lord Genji, the injured lord Kojuro and the sweet servant Nakatani who has always been nice to him and served him the sweetest tea popped up and he was determined to put his all in this last swing. \"For lord and love..!!!\" he screamed as he swung his sword across the bandit's stomach region in hope that this would end it all. HRgEpcoH1-20Yasuke saw how Gihei cut through the sack of flour in his anger, which was quite as anticipated. The cloud of flour gave Yasuke the opportunity to dodge right and he made a committed stab to Gihei's abdomen. However Gihei had been faster in catching on that Yasuke had hoped, and his axed cleaved downwards and the sheer weight behind it knocked the katana out of Yasuke's hands and down on the floor. This quickly proved an opportunity to Yasuke though, as the momentum Gihei had put into the cleave meant it wouldn't stop before it hit the floor - and probably would need a bit of dislodging to get out of it again.\u00a0\"And you asked me how this would be effective in a fight... if only I could show you...\" Yasuke's lips spelled out, as he thought of him tutoring Kojuro in judo not long ago. Yasuke body had already moved however and with Gihei's arm lodged over his shoulder there was a brief instant where this could have been a tender moment between a son carrying his disabled father, only Gihei wasn't disabled. Yet. Yasuke had assumed a deep stance and thus placed his center of gravity beneath Gihei and pushed his hip beneath him with his back against him. A torquing movement saw Yasuke putting all his might into the throw, sending Gihei's feet drawing an elegant curve over both their heads before slamming him down hard on the back - with or without Gihei holding onto his axe.\u00a0The instant after Gihei's body was smashed onto the floor, Yasuke twisted his father's arm and wrist and attempted to put him in a hold with his right foot on Gihei's chest. The move - if successful - would put an immense strain on Gihei's wrist and shoulder coupled with any damages from the fall.\u00a0\"So... you wan't to talk about my mother..? Or do you want to scream the details out to me?!?\" Yasuke threatened as grabbed hold of Gihei's little finger too, applying an additional lock here too.\u00a01-20", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "The two other samurai were out of the game and the third - shocked by the big guy's resilience after having his arm cut off - let his guard down and was cut across his left shoulder. He suppressed the pain knowing that his opponent was far worse off. In his mind an image of the ill lord Genji, the injured lord Kojuro and the sweet servant Nakatani who has always been nice to him and served him the sweetest tea popped up and he was determined to put his all in this last swing. "}, "post-81171": {"user": "Gihei Wakuri [Deceased]", "user_num": 2880, "timestamp": "1522659801000", "message": "zgQx4RkA1-20To Gihei\u2019s surprise, the sword did not break when he struck it, instead it flew out of Yasuke\u2019s grasp, and hit the floor with a resonant clang. Only a dent in the blunt side registered that Gihei\u2019s axe had hit it. It must have been good quality, made of stronger steel than the blades Gihei had cloven through before - terrifying the fine warriors who saw their blades broken by the brute force of nothing more than a peasant\u2019s axe. How and where his son had managed to acquire such a finely made weapon however was a question that Gihei scarcely had time to ask himself before he was grabbed. Yasuke had Gihei over his shoulder so quickly that he had no way to see it coming, let alone counter it. His own momentum and the brute strength he was so proud of was quickly turned against him by Yasuke\u2019s skill. \u201cWhat are you\u2014??\u201d he uttered before Yasuke threw him unceremoniously onto the ground. The impact of his back on the warehouse floor winded Gihei for a moment, and for that second in which he found the breath forced from his lungs, Yasuke was back with him, grabbing his arm into painful hold. He gritted his teeth into a snarl, and the fingers of his other hand reached across the floor to where his axe had fallen free of his grasp. The finger lock finally wrung a shout form Gihei, \u201cAh! Ah .. ha ha ha\u2026\u201d His exclamation of pain turned into gasping breaths that quickly resolved themselves into laughter. \u201cYou got strong\u2026 and you fight dirty too\u2026\u201d he said, with a strange sense of approval in his voice, even as he strained to catch his breath. \u201cYour mother?\u201d the steely glint was back in Gihei\u2019s eyes as he watched Yasuke\u2019s face intently. If he was giving out any information, he would make Yasuke work for it, throwing him a first titbit of knowledge he had held back for many years, that he knew would have some reaction from his son.  \u201cWhich mother is that?\u201d he spat out,  \u201cThe one that whelped you? Or the woman who raised you?\u201d1-20", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "<font color=\"1d1ce1\">zgQx4RkA</font>"}, "post-81476": {"user": "Yasuke Shisou", "user_num": 2496, "timestamp": "1523391792000", "message": "\"Yeah I'm dirty. And I've been living my life like a dirty rat scurrying about. And now that I have finally gathered a few pieces I like...\" Yasuke said and wrenched Gihei's arm a tad more to make sure he would never reach his axe unless he fancied breaking his own arm in the process. \"... now that I've found a life that I don't despise, you're coming here to ruin it.\" he said annoyed.Yasuke opened his eyes wide hearing Gihei's answer to his question. \"Which mother?\" he exclaimed with fire in his eyes. So his mother was even an illusion herself. Hmm... this was it wasn't it. A feeling of not being able to care anymore seeped into Yasuke's mind now. His mother had never been real and his real mother well... \"Alright... so you had your share of fun making me think I knew my mother when I didn't. I admit, you got me there. But it can't really get any worse can it? My real mother was probably a whore or something like that, isn't that what you're going to say? Speak the truth or not, I'm no longer afraid of it and you're going to die anyway.\" Yasuke said as his eyes dulled.\"Well it's a fitting end for you isn't it?\" Yasuke mused as he slowly pulled out his wakizashi with the hand he wasn't using for the finger lock. \"You're going to die in the place of your son, doing the first fatherly thing you've ever done for me.\" Yasuke said with a devious grin. \"I know I said that you came here to ruin everything, but actually it was lucky too. Because I need a scapegoat. And not just any scapegoat... A scapegoat that resembles me. Only then can I tie up the last knot from my past and continue another life without you as my luggage.\" Yasuke said ominously as he lead the blade down to Gihei's throat. \"Wanna spit me in the face one last time before it's lights out?\" Yasuke asked, finally starting feel that he might... just might be able to move on in life when this - maybe even last - dirty deed was done. ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "\"Yeah I'm dirty. And I've been living my life like a dirty rat scurrying about. And now that I have finally gathered a few pieces I like...\" Yasuke said and wrenched Gihei's arm a tad more to make sure he would never reach his axe unless he fancied breaking his own arm in the process. \"... now that I've found a life that I don't despise, you're coming here to ruin it.\" he said annoyed."}, "post-81520": {"user": "Gihei Wakuri [Deceased]", "user_num": 2880, "timestamp": "1523448819000", "message": "Gihei let out a hiss of pain as Yasuke levered his arm into a more uncomfortable position, and the fingers reaching for his axe stopped. \u201cNo...\u201d he replied, \u201cno, she wasn't a whore,\u201d he looked Shisou in the eyes. \u201cShe was a woman I cared for, a simple farm girl. We never exchanged marriage cups but she was my wife sure as you're my get. When she found out what I was like, when I came home with blood on my hands, she wanted to take you and your sister and go.\u201d She had been afraid of him. Deathly afraid, lest those sharp eyes and hard, murdering fists were to fall upon her and her children, even though he had never struck her. Maybe just for a moment, he had wanted to when she defied him, and he had seen that shiver run through her at his killing intent.\u201cBut I wasn't going to let her take what was mine. She could run and save herself, but you two would stay. You belonged to me.\u201d In that moment, in exchange for her life, she had left the children and gone. Run off somewhere that Gihei didn't know or care. Joined a monastery or a brothel, or got lost in the woods and eaten by Inukuma. \u201cOnce she had gone, I brought back a woman whose yakuza husband I killed. She was grateful to me for sparing her from him. She raised you two until \u2026 well... I wasn't going to let a woman run out on me twice like I was some weakling cuckold,\u201d he sneered, \u201cshe got what was coming to her.\u201d His eyes had glazed as he looked back on the past, but now came back into focus on Shisou's. The sneer on his face turned slowly into a crooked smile as Yasuke revealed his own devious plan to his father. Gihei's eyes were alight like chips of coal. Such cold malice in the young man. Such cunning. Such murderous intent. He moved his head aside to expose his throat further to Yasuke's blade. \u201cSpit on you? Now why would I do that? You've proved yourself to me, Shisou. You're just like your old dad. I'm proud of you, son. I'm proud.\u201d ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Gihei let out a hiss of pain as Yasuke levered his arm into a more uncomfortable position, and the fingers reaching for his axe stopped. \u201cNo...\u201d he replied, \u201cno, she wasn't a whore,\u201d he looked Shisou in the eyes. \u201cShe was a woman I cared for, a simple farm girl. We never exchanged marriage cups but she was my wife sure as you're my get. When she found out what I was like, when I came home with blood on my hands, she wanted to take you and your sister and go.\u201d She had been afraid of him. Deathly afraid, lest those sharp eyes and hard, murdering fists were to fall upon her and her children, even though he had never struck her. Maybe just for a moment, he had wanted to when she defied him, and he had seen that shiver run through her at his killing intent."}, "post-81528": {"user": "Yasuke Shisou", "user_num": 2496, "timestamp": "1523477868000", "message": "So this was it huh? 'Unceremoniously indeed' Yasuke thought and was about to make the cut on Gihei's throat, bleeding him dry - before Gihei managed to squeeze out a \"no\", that stopped Yasuke's movement with his wakizashi. There was something about the tone of of that \"no\" that made Yasuke take notice. The words seemed to flow from Geihei's mouth with an honesty he hadn't heard before and he was as frozen until Gihei had finished his last words. The feelings in Yasuke suddenly surged up. It wasn't the fact, that even though Yasuke was the one pinning Gihei to the ground, he was the one who couldn't move. Neither was it that his dad told him that he was proud of him. That bastard had no right to speak of pride anyway. Also somehow he was not surprised, that the mother he had considered his real mother wasn't his. Something about her just never convinced him that she was truly his mother even though she had cared for Yasuke and his sister - and he had cared for her. No. Yasuke's true mother was alive and he knew that at least now Gihei was telling the truth. A tear rolled down Yasuke's cheek as he clenched his teeth. At least this was what Yasuke wanted to make of it, but in truth he was surprised - even shocked. Gihei cared for his mother - probably even loved her in his own misguided way. Yasuke was shaking inside himself, this changed everything. He was not picked up from a trash can taken in by pity, not a son of a street whore bought for gold and a not a stolen child taken to be a slave. He was conceived by two parents who cared for each other and both wanted him as their child. This struck Yasuke in the heart and it meant more to him than anything else. Gihei probably didn't realize how much exactly those words had meant to him, but for one like Yasuke who had been feeling like a piece of garbage all his life figuring out that he wasn't... was quite a revelation, one he didn't quite understand the extent of yet. \"Thank you...\" Yasuke muttered as another tear ran down his cheek. \"Now I really don't want to do this, though you might understand when I say that I have to. My life is not something I'll allow you to take away from me. It is mine and mine only.\" Yasuke and took a deep breath. \"However I will find my real mother, I know in my heart she lives and you know that too... dad.\" he said and could barely hold back his emotions any longer. \"Sure, I'll acknowledge that you're my dad and I'm your son, and perhaps this is the only way it could end. That's why I'll grant you this...\" he said and bit his lips. \"What do you want me to tell mom when I find her..!\" Yasuke almost cried teh question out with a shivering voice. A couple of last words to connect his parents again, and Yasuke prayed they would - here at his death's door - be kind. Kind or spiteful would however not change the outcome as Yasuke placed the tip of his wakizashi on Gihei's ribcage pointing it towards his heart. He knew where it was, had tried it before and the deed was pure routine for Yasuke as he lowered himself in unison with the wakizashi until there were no longer any resistance in Gihei's arm while crouching over his dad. But for the first time he felt as if it was indeed his own heart that was bursting. ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "So this was it huh? 'Unceremoniously indeed' Yasuke thought and was about to make the cut on Gihei's throat, bleeding him dry - before Gihei managed to squeeze out a \"no\", that stopped Yasuke's movement with his wakizashi. There was something about the tone of of that \"no\" that made Yasuke take notice. The words seemed to flow from Geihei's mouth with an honesty he hadn't heard before and he was as frozen until Gihei had finished his last words. The feelings in Yasuke suddenly surged up. It wasn't the fact, that even though Yasuke was the one pinning Gihei to the ground, he was the one who couldn't move. Neither was it that his dad told him that he was proud of him. That bastard had no right to speak of pride anyway. Also somehow he was not surprised, that the mother he had considered his real mother wasn't his. Something about her just never convinced him that she was truly his mother even though she had cared for Yasuke and his sister - and he had cared for her. "}, "post-81610": {"user": "Gihei Wakuri [Deceased]", "user_num": 2880, "timestamp": "1523655251000", "message": "Gihei scoffed when Yasuke thanked him, and his look only turned more contemptuous as Yasuke began to cry. However, he had never thought that she had died. Imagined it perhaps as if to spite her. but just as Shisou said now, he believed that his former wife was somewhere alive and out there. His expression froze for a moment. \u201cI \u2026 \u201c he seemed if nothing else a little confused, before once again he hardened, \u201cI have nothing to say to her! Tell her what you want. That I died well, that I died a snivelling coward. Tell her how many people I killed, or that I had a change of heart and became a monk. Or say nothing at all,\u201d Would she want to be reminded of him? Probably not. \u201cNone of it matters, Shisou!\u201d The sneer on his face was exaggerated as his gaze bore into Yasuke\u2019s. He placed contempt there to cover anything else that might have been seen in his eyes. \u201cDon\u2019t pussy out now, Shisou!\" he growled, \"Stop crying like a little girl, and fucking kill me. Kill me, you little shit! Do it!\u201d His voice rose to a yell, and despite the pain that shrieked out from his arm, he began to struggle and thrash suddenly under Yasuke's grip. He reached his other arm up and shaky fingers grasped at Yasuke\u2019s throat, scrabbling for a purchase. The point of the short sword plunged into his chest slowly as Yasuke lowered it, and Gihei struggled for life with the same instinct as any creature, thrashing wildly about. His body spasmed twice as he tried to breathe but there was only blood in his lungs. Thick dark blood began to well from his mouth with a horrible sucking gurgling sound. The fingers that had moments ago tried to grab for Yasuke's throat dropped to the ground and went lax.  His eyes rolled towards his son, whites visible all around the flinty black, and watched him silently as he finally expired. There was nothing left of the sneering aggressive look on the dead man's face. Without his malice animating it, his still and waxy face looked nothing like it had in life. The eyes stared in a final expression of both fear and horror, and though he had known what was coming and asked for it, surprise that his fate had eventually caught up with him. ", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Gihei scoffed when Yasuke thanked him, and his look only turned more contemptuous as Yasuke began to cry. However, he had never thought that she had died. Imagined it perhaps as if to spite her. but just as Shisou said now, he believed that his former wife was somewhere alive and out there. His expression froze for a moment. \u201cI \u2026 \u201c he seemed if nothing else a little confused, before once again he hardened, \u201cI have nothing to say to her! Tell her what you want. That I died well, that I died a snivelling coward. Tell her how many people I killed, or that I had a change of heart and became a monk. Or say nothing at all,\u201d Would she want to be reminded of him? Probably not. \u201cNone of it matters, Shisou!\u201d "}, "post-81679": {"user": "Yasuke Shisou", "user_num": 2496, "timestamp": "1523879506000", "message": "\"Fine... I'll tell her that I was with you as you passed.\" Yasuke said as he finished the deed. As a human being of course Gihei would be struggling and despite Gihei making it sound as if Yasuke wasn't determined, he continued his intent to finish his father off as they were now past any goodbyes. From now on the last memory of Gihei Wakuri would lay at Yasuke - but for once he felt he could indeed carry it. \"Goodbye, don't you dare to haunt me...\" Yasuke said as he got up and pulled out his wakizashi. A flick of the wrist discarded most of the blood and using a piece of Gihei's own clothes he cleaned his blade. \"I would like you to have this as a farewell gift.\" Yasuke said, as he placed chobei's knife inside Gihei's armor before collecting himself and the katana Gihei had disarmed him of. \"I must say that it's impressive that it took only this little damage. \"You grew weak, dad...!\" Yasuke turned and said to the body of Gihei as he sheathed the katana before moving outside again. Yasuke knocked on the door.\"It's me guys, you can loosen those bows strings?\" Yasuke said and opened the gate. \"I got the bastard good and he eventually died, but he confessed in the end. We got the right guy, good going!\" Yasuke said and patted on of the samurai on his back. \"Arrange a carriage, and then we'll present the body for lord Kojuro and show Nakatani-san that we were finally succesful.\" Yasuke said, and though he smiled it was devoid of any true joy. The samurai bowed and complied and Yasuke would head back home alone gathering his thoughts alone.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "\"Fine... I'll tell her that I was with you as you passed.\" Yasuke said as he finished the deed. As a human being of course Gihei would be struggling and despite Gihei making it sound as if Yasuke wasn't determined, he continued his intent to finish his father off as they were now past any goodbyes. From now on the last memory of Gihei Wakuri would lay at Yasuke - but for once he felt he could indeed carry it. \"Goodbye, don't you dare to haunt me...\" Yasuke said as he got up and pulled out his wakizashi. A flick of the wrist discarded most of the blood and using a piece of Gihei's own clothes he cleaned his blade. "}}