{"post-25839": {"user": "Goraia", "user_num": 76, "timestamp": "1456595314000", "message": "A small wing of the massive complex that was the Castle of Goraia, this area had been dedicated to the mages; magical tests and experiments were conducted regularly, as well as tests and research into the various sciences.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "A small wing of the massive complex that was the Castle of Goraia, this area had been dedicated to the mages; magical tests and experiments were conducted regularly, as well as tests and research into the various sciences."}, "post-25840": {"user": "Zagarus", "user_num": 1098, "timestamp": "1456595584000", "message": "Lamina was dragged down here where she'd be locked into a small cell. The Goraians had plans for her; she was an able body who was off the records who could be used for a multitude of experiments. Zagarus handed her over to her new captives, who were free to conduct specific experiments that had been approved by him.\"Accidents happen, but try not to kill her. She is a good pet.\"", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Lamina was dragged down here where she'd be locked into a small cell. The Goraians had plans for her; she was an able body who was off the records who could be used for a multitude of experiments. Zagarus handed her over to her new captives, who were free to conduct specific experiments that had been approved by him."}, "post-26000": {"user": "Goraia", "user_num": 76, "timestamp": "1456645041000", "message": "Lamina would be taken down into the dungeons of the testing halls. A mage in black robes would become her keeper for the time being. The first experiment? To test the effects of the Misty Woods mushrooms, now classified by Goraian scholars as luminus psychedelia. They knew that the effects scaled with dosage and body weight, and despite Lamina being small, she would be force-fed an entire medium sized fungus, violently if need be.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Lamina would be taken down into the dungeons of the testing halls. A mage in black robes would become her keeper for the time being. The first experiment? To test the effects of the Misty Woods mushrooms, now classified by Goraian scholars as "}, "post-26030": {"user": "Lamina Manira", "user_num": 157, "timestamp": "1456674787000", "message": "\"Mmm!\"She purses her lips, trying not to eat what's being force fed to her. Lamina doesn't quite understand what she's eating, but the very fact it is forced on her makes her think it must be something bad--a toxin--and that perhaps they were trying to kill her.\"No!\"She kicks and fights, and tries to spit when able. With effort they'd get a lot of it down, but her refusal meant much of the mushroom might be wasted.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "\"Mmm!\""}, "post-26045": {"user": "Goraia", "user_num": 76, "timestamp": "1456682622000", "message": "They did not succeed in getting her to choke down the whole thing, but that was okay. They knew by trying, shed ingest a sufficient amount for full blown effects. The lead mage grew frustrated with her, as though a parent struggling with a child, and grabbed ahold of her head to keep her pinned down.Now, it was a matter of waiting to see what would happen to her..", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "They did not succeed in getting her to choke down the whole thing, but that was okay. They knew by trying, shed ingest a sufficient amount for full blown effects. The lead mage grew frustrated with her, as though a parent struggling with a child, and grabbed ahold of her head to keep her pinned down."}, "post-26082": {"user": "Lamina Manira", "user_num": 157, "timestamp": "1456691696000", "message": "She had spat out what she could, being forced to choke some down. She harbored much of it in her mouth behind her lips to avoid swallowing, though it became difficult to do when she wasn't able to fight back another bout of tears, and she began to cry.. curling up on the floor just trying not to exist.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "She had spat out what she could, being forced to choke some down. She harbored much of it in her mouth behind her lips to avoid swallowing, though it became difficult to do when she wasn't able to fight back another bout of tears, and she began to cry.. curling up on the floor just trying not to exist."}, "post-26123": {"user": "The Misty Woods", "user_num": 49, "timestamp": "1456701467000", "message": "Holding the mushroom in her mouth but refusing to swallow would do little to prevent the effects from coming on; sublingual absorption of the active glowing ingredients only assisted it in coming on faster, so that Lamina would be stricken with waves of euphoric nausea, a dissonance that'd prove to be rather uncomfortable as it only made her heavy, paralyzing her limbs. Patterns began to confuse one another and crawl into each other's space, fractals warping and twisting as her sense of self began to fade...", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Holding the mushroom in her mouth but refusing to swallow would do little to prevent the effects from coming on; sublingual absorption of the active glowing ingredients only assisted it in coming on faster, so that Lamina would be stricken with waves of euphoric nausea, a dissonance that'd prove to be rather uncomfortable as it only made her heavy, paralyzing her limbs. Patterns began to confuse one another and crawl into each other's space, fractals warping and twisting as her sense of self began to fade..."}, "post-26128": {"user": "Lamina Manira", "user_num": 157, "timestamp": "1456702827000", "message": "As the effects overtook her very rapidly, she reached out her arm, as though grasping for something, already very delusional from lack of sleep and intensive stress. \"No.... no.... please....\"She begged her captors, as though this were something they could control and could be shut off at any moment. She didn't know what was happening, just that something was which threatened to redefine fourteen years of reality, and that it was happening in a bad place..Lamina began to feel a dread rekindled through the past few days' desensitization, as her life felt suddenly in danger again. Her heart began to pound.. and with her new-found fear of what was happening, she began to extend her limbs, getting to her feet and walking on her own. She looked at her hands once standing, and they seemed not to belong to her anymore. Just what was going on??\"Help.. please.. something is happening to me help me..\"", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "As the effects overtook her very rapidly, she reached out her arm, as though grasping for something, already very delusional from lack of sleep and intensive stress. \"No.... no.... please....\""}, "post-26154": {"user": "Goraia", "user_num": 76, "timestamp": "1456710997000", "message": "The Goraian mages did nothing to help, but rather stood around her taking notes, not interacting with her in any way.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "The Goraian mages did nothing to help, but rather stood around her taking notes, not interacting with her in any way."}, "post-26159": {"user": "The Misty Woods", "user_num": 49, "timestamp": "1456712230000", "message": "Lamina's psyche would be increasingly stretched and pulled away from this world, into a universe of ineffable terror. The sheer, unrelenting waves of psychedelia and fear would likely cause her to break out into a sweat, before her perception and sense of self would become completely annihilated. She'd become lost in infinite thought-loops that made no sense, and feel a sensation of having lived and relived the same few seconds over and over and over again. To the victim, it'd seem like an eternity... like she'd been born and tortured in an infinite number of lives. At other times there would be beings, creatures too horrible to imagine speaking in dreadful languages beyond comprehension; and then there were the giant, freaky insectoid creatures that threatened to tear her to pieces and pick her apart with their various pincers and needles. Her rapid descent into a literal bad dream would be accompanied by waves of nausea...", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Lamina's psyche would be increasingly stretched and pulled away from this world, into a universe of ineffable terror. The sheer, unrelenting waves of psychedelia and fear would likely cause her to break out into a sweat, before her perception and sense of self would become completely annihilated. She'd become lost in infinite thought-loops that made no sense, and feel a sensation of having lived and relived the same few seconds over and over and over again. To the victim, it'd seem like an eternity... like she'd been born and tortured in an infinite number of lives. At other times there would be beings, creatures too horrible to imagine speaking in dreadful languages beyond comprehension; and then there were the giant, freaky insectoid creatures that threatened to tear her to pieces and pick her apart with their various pincers and needles. Her rapid descent into a literal bad dream would be accompanied by waves of nausea..."}, "post-26200": {"user": "Lamina Manira", "user_num": 157, "timestamp": "1456721792000", "message": "She began breathing hard. Her heart pounded. She was rapidly losing contact with reality. She doubled over for a moment, and then threw up all over the floor, fluorescent chunks of chewed up fungus seeping into the cracks in the stone. It was then that she lost contact with reality, and fell over onto the floor.She'd be mostly catatonic, lost in her own nightmare, for however long it lasted, occasionally grunting in pain..\"uugh...\"", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "She began breathing hard. Her heart pounded. She was rapidly losing contact with reality. She doubled over for a moment, and then threw up all over the floor, fluorescent chunks of chewed up fungus seeping into the cracks in the stone. It was then that she lost contact with reality, and fell over onto the floor."}, "post-26213": {"user": "The Misty Woods", "user_num": 49, "timestamp": "1456724463000", "message": "The effects would last for about ten hours. Her little body would have a head start in metabolism, due to probably being hungry, and having absorbed much of the drug sublingually. Due to the astoundingly high dosage, a number of factors could potentially have made the experience last even longer.. but after most of a day she'd find herself drained, both of what spirit she had left and all her physical energy. The experience would have wreaked havoc on the body and mind to a level she may never before have thought possible, but she would survive the experience. The mushroom was not toxic in a ratio anywhere close to its effects on the mind.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "The effects would last for about ten hours. Her little body would have a head start in metabolism, due to probably being hungry, and having absorbed much of the drug sublingually. Due to the astoundingly high dosage, a number of factors could potentially have made the experience last even longer.. but after most of a day she'd find herself drained, both of what spirit she had left and all her physical energy. The experience would have wreaked havoc on the body and mind to a level she may never before have thought possible, but she would survive the experience. The mushroom was not toxic in a ratio anywhere close to its effects on the mind."}, "post-26245": {"user": "Goraia", "user_num": 76, "timestamp": "1456731340000", "message": "They left Lamina to lay there, but would clean any vomit after she emptied the contents of her stomach. The slave crown atop her head looked askew, but it mattered little yet. The room would be cleared, with the girl left to lay in the middle. Candles were brought to be arranged in a circle around her, and the lighting was dimmed. Mages filed into the room in a meticulous queue, lining up along the walls. Each began channeling...", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "They left Lamina to lay there, but would clean any vomit after she emptied the contents of her stomach. The slave crown atop her head looked askew, but it mattered little yet. The room would be cleared, with the girl left to lay in the middle. Candles were brought to be arranged in a circle around her, and the lighting was dimmed. Mages filed into the room in a meticulous queue, lining up along the walls. Each began channeling..."}, "post-26297": {"user": "Zagarus", "user_num": 1098, "timestamp": "1456765931000", "message": "The room was heavy with channeled power when Zagarus himself stepped back into the room. His own presence could be felt tangibly; Zagarus had a highly powerful magic signature. While Lamina was mostly unconscious, he began chanting something she would not be able to understand. His form glowed with a bright, bluish aura as the mages lent him their power... and then the slave crown glowed yellow, Lamina's body being encased in tiny sparkles for a few seconds before all began to die down.Not only was the slave crown being fully activated, but Lamina had been imbued with abnormal levels of magical power; even a complete inexperience in casting could now be rectified with a little bit of...guided practice, as the slave crown began a complete and total intrusion of her thoughts and desires, essentially replacing who used to be Lamina with a temporary marionette to do Zagarus' bidding.\"Now then... she is tired. Let her rest. I will be back for her.\"", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "The room was heavy with channeled power when Zagarus himself stepped back into the room. His own presence could be felt tangibly; Zagarus had a highly powerful magic signature. While Lamina was mostly unconscious, he began chanting something she would not be able to understand. His form glowed with a bright, bluish aura as the mages lent him their power... and then the slave crown glowed yellow, Lamina's body being encased in tiny sparkles for a few seconds before all began to die down."}, "post-26303": {"user": "Lamina Manira", "user_num": 157, "timestamp": "1456767460000", "message": "Lamina felt a force come over her that she'd never felt before. It was like a feeling of impending power... a recognition that the world would now, in some ways, bend to her very will.. a will that belonged to someone else, as her own could never seem to muster the power that the slave crown imposed when it started to glow... yet her body was still feebly weak, she still remained doubled over, and it would take a couple days for aspects of her mind to recover from the mushrooms experience..", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Lamina felt a force come over her that she'd never felt before. It was like a feeling of impending power... a recognition that the world would now, in some ways, bend to her very will.. a will that belonged to someone else, as her own could never seem to muster the power that the slave crown imposed when it started to glow... yet her body was still feebly weak, she still remained doubled over, and it would take a couple days for aspects of her mind to recover from the mushrooms experience.."}, "post-26631": {"user": "Goraia", "user_num": 76, "timestamp": "1456883219000", "message": "Lamina would begin a rigorous training program that taught her how to destructively harness her abilities. Targets were placed; Lamina was not beaten when she was able to level them all with any sort of energy--from fire to kinetic forces. The mushrooms were used as a threat; she was repeatedly told that failing to advance or giving up on any aspect of the training would result in such an experience again, and that this time they'd assure she'd be stuck that way forever. With the slave crown atop her head, much of the negative reinforcement was truly unnecessary--but many in their positions in the research facility had become especially cruel, and Lamina was just a small girl to them.", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "Lamina would begin a rigorous training program that taught her how to destructively harness her abilities. Targets were placed; Lamina was not beaten when she was able to level them all with any sort of energy--from fire to kinetic forces. The mushrooms were used as a threat; she was repeatedly told that failing to advance or giving up on any aspect of the training would result in such an experience again, and that this time they'd assure she'd be stuck that way forever. With the slave crown atop her head, much of the negative reinforcement was truly unnecessary--but many in their positions in the research facility had become especially cruel, and Lamina was just a small girl to them."}}