{"post-90389": {"user": "Chesknight", "user_num": 2708, "timestamp": "1558484029000", "message": "As summer casts a burgeoning warmth across the face of the Overworld, peasant and noble alike enjoy the fine weather and (hopefully) bountiful embrace of the coming year. Yet within the Toroda Woods something beautiful was beginning. Tucked away in its arboreal recesses a conspicuous field dominated its own patch of earth. Trees shrunk away from it, almost seeming to bend backwards to avoid the ring of delicate, pink and white mushrooms that outlined the perfect circle. Lush, short grass, patterned with patches of flowers stirred in the brief winds and yet this perfect clearing was not vacant.\u00a0A short, rotund Fae stood within this circle, opening a gauntleted palm to release a series of envelops which scattered in the breeze. The summer wind was kind to the Chesknight. These invitations would find themselves in the hands of those who desired them. It would find its way to those who needed them. It would also find its way to any fae, elf, or lover of nature who wished to have them.\u00a0Within each emerald green envelop was golden writing, although despite the beauty of the ink it looked as though it were written in a child's hand.\u00a0\"To those with the desire,I, the Chesknight, shall be hosting a festival for those whom I call friend and for those I wish to call friend in the future. If thou choose to come, merely express this and the letter will lead you here. This is a large undertaking, and I am very small. If anyone would like to help, I shall surely welcome it. To a Summer of peace and prosperity for all our people tall and small, Fae, human, or otherwise.\u00a0Your friend, The Chesknight.\"(The Midsomer Festival will be held starting on the 24th, hosted in character by Chesknight. Feel free to shoot me a DM on Discord (Thorny Boy) or message for any questions or interests.)", "link_list": [], "image_list": [], "html": "As summer casts a burgeoning warmth across the face of the Overworld, peasant and noble alike enjoy the fine weather and (hopefully) bountiful embrace of the coming year. Yet within the Toroda Woods something beautiful was beginning. Tucked away in its arboreal recesses a conspicuous field dominated its own patch of earth. Trees shrunk away from it, almost seeming to bend backwards to avoid the ring of delicate, pink and white mushrooms that outlined the perfect circle. Lush, short grass, patterned with patches of flowers stirred in the brief winds and yet this perfect clearing was not vacant.\u00a0"}}